"Born Cubic, THINK CUBIC", you rotate a 4 corner stage life.
"Cube Spirit" is Almighty.
"Cubeless Word" is not Truth.
"Cubic Time" - Cubes TIME CUBE (corner = vertical edge) Word God is Bad Math Earth has 4 days simultaneously each rotation.
"Cubic Time" - Cubes Word God is Bad Math Earth has 4 days simultaneously each rotation.
"Evil" educators brainwash children.
"Nothing on Earth more Evil than a human educated as 1, when composed of opposites that cancel out as an entity." In fact, man is the only 1 Evil, and will soon erase himself by ignoring Cubic 4 Day Creation.
"Our Cube" corners Liars.
"Self-god" is lowest form of behavior, below both family and village Cube.
"Takes village to raise child".
"The New Tom Green Show" equates to evil, for due to pressure they rescinded their guest invitation to me.
"The Word World", imposed by the academic institutions, is synonymous with the Matrix's induced "Dream World".
"To know all, is to know nothing".
"Why not the Time Cube?" The only reason is educated stupidity.
"Why something rather than nothing?" Between the opposites, all things are created.
$1,000.00 to 1st person to disprove Time Cube.
$1,000.00 to one disproving the Time Cube.
$100.00 for 1 MIT student explaining Time Cube.
$500.00 for 1 MIT professor explaining Time Cube.
(Deliberately withholding CUBIC KNOWLEDGE) No human "entity" exists.
(ignored and suppressed by EVIL educators) NASA's Moon Landing was far less of an achievement than Time Cube discovery, for I have Cubed the Earth, with 4 simultaneous corner days in 1 rotation of Earth.
(singularity belief scientist can't comprehend T.O.E.) God SINGULARITY and the academic taught singularity constitute great evils in the Cubic World of Opposites - Opposites hemispheres and Opposite sexes of humanity.
-1 x -1 = +1 is Evil math, as +1 and -1 are antipodes equating a zero existence.
-1 x -1= +1 is WRONG, it is academic stupidity and is evil.
-1 x -1=+1 is stupid and evil.
1 Corner Academic "self" is "lowest" human form.
1 Day 1 God exists only as Evil.
1 Educated Are Most Dumb.
1 corner Day = Evil.
1 corner human knows but 1.
1 day god vs 4 day Cubic.
1 day god vs 4 day Genius.
1 day singularity dooms Opposite humanity.
1 day will destroy humans.
1 god day belief is stupidity.
1 god singularity dooms Opposite Creation.
1 has no heart beat or breath, constituting death of opposites.
1 human equates 1 corner.
1 of God Is Only 1/4 Of God.
1 self is only "1 corner".
1 side brain can't reason without the opposite side.
1-Midday to midday = a 24 hour day rotation.
1-Midday to midday is a 24 hour rotation.
1-corner god is a fraud.
1-human is but 1-corner life in 4-corner lifetimes: baby, child, parent and grandparent corners.
2 opposite sex Cubes equate to crap shoot.
2-Sundown to sundown = a 24 hour day rotation.
2-Sundown to sundown is a 24 hour rotation.
24 hours in midday to midday.
24 hours in sundown to sundown.
24 hours in sunup to sunup.
27th, All humans are created and exist between the opposites of male and female values.
3 Dimensions is erroneous math without a 4th corner perspective dimension.
3 days lost to academic stupidity.
3-Dimensional math as in length, width and height are erroneous when applied within a Cube like room for they do not account for the 4-corner perspective dimensions of difference as in "4-dimensional space".
3-Midnight to midnight = a 24 hour day rotation.
3-Midnight to midnight is a 24 hour rotation.
3D math applied within this hollow Cube would be erroneous math, as it would not account for the 4th corner perspective dimension.
4 Corner Days Are Absolute, but ignored by stupid/evil educators.
4 Corner TIME, CUBES EARTH.
4 Day Cube disproves 1 Day God.
4 Day math condemns 1 Day fools.
4 Earth Quadrants simultaneously rotate inside 4 Time Cube Quarters to create 4 - 24 hour days within one Earth rotation.
4 Earth corners rotate 4 Time corners - for 4 simultaneous day rotation of Earth - equating the principle of a 4 pole motor.
4 corner head has 1 corner face, 4 face life.
4 corner quadrants compose Earth sphere, as 4corner room with 4corner dimensions, with 4corner perspectives and the 4seasons.
4 corners = 4 corner Days.
4 days in only 1 Earth rotation.
4 different directions in clockwise.
4 is both macro and micro.
4 is the supreme number of the universe.
4 quadrants = 4 corners, and 4 different directions.
4 quadrants resemble circle, but doesn't constitute circle.
4 simultaneous years of the seasons.
4-Sunup to sunup = a 24 hour day rotation.
4-Sunup to sunup is a 24 hour rotation.
4-corner Truth - is ineffable.
4-corner Truth is ineffable and no self or god can speak Truth.
4-cornered Truth is ineffable by man or god.
4-corners are simultaneous, there is no 1, 2, or 3-corner.
4-corners void 1-corner god.
4Day Cube Disproves 1 Day God All creation within the universe is composed of opposite hemispheres and opposite sexes - with opposite races, opposite seasons, opposite luck, opposite directions and opposite perspectives - equating a harmonic rotating zero value existence.
6 side Cube is Evil math, ignoring its top & bottom.
6 sides constitutes a sextet - not a Cube.
96-hour Cubic Day debunks 1-day as witchcraft.
96-hour Cubic Day debunks 1-day unnatural god.
96-hour day will disprove disunity god.
A "Big Bang" for Academia.
A "word god" can be erased.
A 1 day Earth = 1 leg horse.
A 4 day Earth = 4 leg horse.
A Belief Matrix pulls a 1 day world over your eyes, while the real Cubic World has 4 simultaneous days in 1 Earth rotation.
A Devout Student of Time Cube.
A God so stupid that he claims only a single day rotation of Earth - while my Cubic Wisdom has allowed me to create 4 simultaneous days within a single Earth rotation.
A Queer God induces AIDS.
A Queer God is Damnation for it desecrates My Mother.
A Queer as God = Queer HIV.
A fart has more "substance" than a human emitted word.
A fetus within is not a human and of no concern to outsiders, unless it will be imperfect burden, then left unfed to save it from lifetime of hurt.
A full rotated square will create 16 corners, 96 hours and 4 simultaneous 24 hour Day circles within only a single imaginary cubed Earth rotation.
A human will rotate around 4-corner lifetime stages within a family metamorphosis - baby, child, parent and grandparent.
A male God without a female Opposite = Queer Worship.
A mother and baby are the same age, as a 1 day old baby has a 1 day old mother.
A pity about your mind.
A proper burial spot for nuclear waste is under academic institutions and in Washington D.C..
A rib was removed from eve and a hole left to make a woman of her.
A school is a church and church is a school.
A school or educator who does not teach students the Harmonic Simultaneous 4 Day Time Cube Principle, is a death threat to youth, therefore stupid and evil - begetting stupid students.
A single God is death and constitutes evil worship.
A single god is not possible in our 4 Day Cubic Science, that equates Cubic Divinity.
A singularity inflicted scholar has not the mentality, freedom or guts to know that academia is a Trojan Horse mind control.
About time for Queer colony.
Academia & religion are one.
Academia and religion are as entities which transgress upon the Cubic values of life unity.
Academia builds word bomb, kinda like old Trojan Horse filled with deadly deception.
Academia destroys your brain, your ability to think opposite.
Academia destroys your mind by suppressing opposite view.
Academia empowers stupidity, indicting educators criminal.
Academia equates to a deadly plague.
Academia has enslaved you as a Word Animal - kneel, you educated stupid jackass.
Academia is "1 corner".
Academia is Big Brother's Ministry of Obscurantism, as in deliberately withholding knowledge from the mass of human blockhead androids.
Academia is a religion with religious teachers controlled by believers, who forbid 4/16 Cube as "Forbidden Truth".
Academia is a religious cult empowerment of self word.
Academia is an accreditation of real stupidity - deadly to all humanity.
Academia is mind control and a perfect enslavement for the masses of humans.
Academia is progression of Ignorance.
Academia teaches evil android singularity, displacing families with today's androids, passive, subsmissive, subservient &stupid.
Academians are teaching - pseudoscience.
Academic ONEism destroys +0 - brain.
Academic SINGULARITY is a contradiction to the opposite sexes, the opposite hemispheres and to the universe of opposites that exist as a zero value existence.
Academic Word is Cubeless.
Academic and religious taught singularity creation deserves a coming horrific hell.
Academic and religious taught stupid SINGULARITY is greatest of all evil, as even humans are created via opposites.
Academic and religious teachings equate mental retardation - as a 2x4x4 Cube creation principle reduced to a 1/4 (corner).
Academic bastards will deny the obvious.
Academic cubelessness is evil.
Academic denial of student right to debate Time Cube exposes an evil conspiracy.
Academic ignorance of Time Cube dooms life.
Academic ignoring of Time Cube equates evil.
Academic scientists created over 77,000 tons of atomic waste and more everyday - for your children's future.
Academic singularity is as evil as God singularity evil.
Academic taught singularity within universe of opposites, has lobotomized your mind.
Academic word "rots" brain.
Academic/Religious Word is a fictitious Trojan Horse and the most efficient form of human enslavement ever concocted by "Singularity Brotherhood of Bastardism".
Acknowledge the 4 days or you die evil.
Acknowledge the math below or go to hell.
Actually the induced night "dream world" is synonymous with the academic religious induced daytime "word world" enslavement of humans.
Adam and Eve never existed.
Adam and Eve were created at the same time, but sexless.
Add +0 - as One = nothing.
Add the opposites together and humans cease to exist.
Add the opposites together and the universe ceases to exist.
Adult god is adult crime upon their own children.
Adult word god is a counterfeit and fictitious evil upon children.
Adult word god is but an evil scam that crucifies children.
Adult word worship is an evil adult scam.
Adults Eat Teenagers Alive, No Record Of Their Death.
Adults Evolve From Children, not from a Queer deified as a God by Religious/Academic Organized Crime, Swindling Educated Stupid and Gullible.
Adults are EVIL to deny they evolved from children - and claim their adult EGO image is a god likeness.
Adults create baby, baby evolves to adult.
Adults evolve from child, for adults are never born.
Adults evolve from their ungodly image children.
Adults evolve, not born.
Adults who believe in a fictitious Santa god have the mentality level of a child who believes in Santa Claus, brainwashed and indoctrinated from birth to death.
After 30 years of research, I now possess the Order of Harmonic Antipodal Cubic Divinity Life - too large for physical form, but Binary Spirit of the masculinity Sun & feminity Earth Antipodes.
After you fight the whites, the Blacks will have the masses of China upon them.
All 4/24 hour days occur within 1 Earth rotation.
All Creation occurs between Opposites, and exists only as Opposites - with a zero value existence.
All Creation occurs between Opposites.
All Educated are Stupid from brainwashing and indoctrination.
All creation on Earth exists between the 2 opposite poles, and if unified, would cancel and cease to exist.
All humans are created and exist between the opposites of male and female values.
All humans exist between 2 opposite sexes.
All knowledge of the human word animal, is insignificant, when his fictitious word world is compared to Nature's own Dynamic & Harmonic Time Cube's Creation Principle.
All media is evil as they will not inform the public of the "Cubic principle of creation", nor allow a Time Cube ad.
All the universe exist as opposite values.
All word is "fictitious evil" - not a substance nor a deed.
All words are fictitious.
All words equal not 1 deed.
All your tithes go to enrich the vaults of gang of queers who own the churches and rip off the Stupid and Poor.
Also, proof that humans are Cubic forms that rotate a 4 corner face lifetime, not an entity as the 4 corner stage faces do not occur at the same time for the 1 corner face individual.
American mentality so stupid a half breed rules.
American teachers are sworn to fight against the truth of Time Cube.
Americans are EVIL for ignoring Cubicism.
Americans are dumb, educated ONE stupid and they worship ONEism Evil.
Americans are dumb, taught stupidity and pray to Evil.
Americans are dumbass, educated stupid and evil singularity fools.
Americans are so dumb, educated stupid and evil, they have snot for brain.
Americans do not deserve life.
Americans will die SINGULARITY stupid, their brain lobotomized by EVIL educators.
Another warning you have no inkling about and never taught.
Antipodes DENY the existence of God ONEism.
Any dumb ass should know that a prime meridian does not just pass through the Greenwich point, but it also passes as a great circle through both poles, crossing the equator at 2 opposite points, dividing Earth into 2 halves of light and darkness, with each its own 24 hour rotation - in a single rotation of Earth.
Any educator who allows Time Cube debate will most likely be fired or killed by religious zealot brethren who staff and control all academic schools.
Apply analytical math to Earth sphere and discover 2 opposite hemispheres rotating in opposite directions - equal to a ZERO value existence.
Apply reverse engineering to know creation.
Are Indians minorities, and why are they incarcerated?
Are all other schools too evil to follow MIT?
Are you afraid to know?
Are you aware that the MIT Educators were as criminals for banning student right to debate Nature's Time Cube?
Are you content as a singularity queer?
As 1st Day for both, they are the same age, and begin their lifetime together.
As One or God, both Earth and Human cancel to nothing.
As One or as a Godism, all Opposite values cancel out to nothing.
As an Entity, the Opposites will cancel each other out to nothing.
As an entity, they exist only as a big zero, seen from space as something and nothing from every possible view.
As entity, the opposite hemispheres cancel out.
At the risk of my life, I must issue a GRAVE WARNING to my fellow Americans - about a potential Civil War between millions if Obama, the Black candidate, is elected President of the United States, displacing the white president - inducing America to become a Black Nation.
Average people understand 4 Day Creation when I tell them about it, but scientist can't accept it, for the evil bastards think singularity.
Babble Power is suicidal.
Before Word was invented, no God existed upon Earth.
Began in 1997, and not 1 penny support.
Belief has no inherent value, but worship of such nonvalue as a god, equates to nonacceptance of Cubic knowledge - as demonstrated by ineffable Truth and the Highest Order of Wisdom.
Beliefs equate pornography, for they coexist on the web.
Believer is far more EVIL than a False God, for Google cut back my Site from 34,000,000 to 4,000,000 in 1 night for the above Statement.
Believers are "evil liars".
Believers are Evil - for not measuring.
Believers are ignorant of Cubic Creation and will be destroyed by their own word.
Believers have a half brain, they can't think Opposite of Crap they have been taught.
Believers have snot brain.
Believers will actually eat dung before they will ever measure their queer Godism for Cubic Creation Truth.
Believing is not knowing - but evil that ignores facts.
Belly B.
Belly-Button Is the Signature Of Your Personal Creator - I Believe Her Name Mama.
Beware of the change when your brain is free from induced "Word World" enslavement - for you could find that the natural "Real World" has been destroyed.
Bible A Lie & Word Is Lies.
Bible Word is a singularity.
Bible and Science falsify 1 corner day for the Cubic 4 corner Days rotating daily.
Bible and stupid academic ONEness ignores and obstructs Cubic Creation Intelligence.
Bible causes an armageddon.
Bible fraud will destroy fools, and they will eat one another.
Bible induces a barren Earth.
Bible's and science's 1-day Earth rotation are evil scams.
Bible-god equates 1-corner and bare Earth for children.
Binary Life Force is more Powerful than ONE God - especially the ole dead Jew, for which you've denounced your own mother and father.
Black President will soon control White Army.
Black children suffer from the cost caused by black lawsuits.
Black people should create a "White Race Appreciation Day"for all they have sacrificed to help the Black.
Blacks are enslaving whites - and will soon extract revenge.
Blacks did not free the slaves.
Born Cubed I defy God of ONE, for I have a Yes and No mentality necessary for cubed intelligence -no Cyclopic educator can allow.
Both Americans & Wikipedia are evil to deny or ignore Cubic Creation.
Both are most efficient mind enslavers, and humans know not their difference from "The Cubic World", the creation principle of all that exist.
Both educator and stupid student must be condemned.
Both educator and stupid student must be eradicated.
Brainwashed & indoctrinated, you were educated stupid and evil.
Bring forth your god - and I will chase him off the Earth.
Burn bible to save humanity.
Burn the bible, honor Childhood via which adults evolve.
But at the end of the conversation, they remark that they believe in the nonvalue belief god and cannot accept Cubic Creation, regardless of all the ineffable Truth and Wisdom it proves.
But we all know that Einstein was ignorant about the Time Cube.
CREATION IS CUBIC, but you are educated singularity stupid by academic bastards.
Caltech professors practice obscurantism and can not ever allow Time Cube Debate - for it will indict the word bastards as evil.
Can an Indian be president?
Can majority sue minority - or is it but a one-way court?
Can there be a NAAWP, NAAAP and a NAAIP for the white, the asian and indian people?
Can there be a NAAWP, NAAAP and a NAAIP for the white, the asian and indian people? Why not integrate NAACP? What is racist and unracist? Linear Time is an "evil lie".
Can you distinguish the academic induced "Word World" from the natural "Real World"?
Can you explain Time Cube?
Can you explain the 4 days rather than the 1 day taught?
Can you tear and burn the bible, which represents Biblistic Selfnic Bastardism - contradicted by Cubic Creation of Family and Village Tribal Perpetual Bodies.
Can't lose the $10,000.00, they cowardly ignore me.
Challenge stupid teachers and their "Obscurantism" (deliberately withheld knowledge).
Challenge stupid teachers and their "Obscurantism".
Chase media liars from town.
Chase the media liars from town, or be destroyed.
Children are sacrificed to deified hoax.
Children having babies is evil & welfare for such evil is evil.
Children will be blessed for Killing Of Educated Adults Who Ignore 4 Simultaneous Days Same Earth Rotation.
Christianity based upon evil 1-corner self aggrandizing which dooms 4-corner life.
Circle measure is slop bucket.
Claim of single 1st Day composed of Day, Night, Morning & Evening was a Lie, as they were Static points as 4 corners and did not rotate as Time motion.
Clergy of ONE is Queer, equating Opposite Death.
Click below for stupid linear time.
Click for Time Cube on Horology Site.
Click here to view a mass of links to Time Cube site.
Clinton's have a mid-day.
Clinton's have a sun-down.
Clinton's have a sun-up.
Clinton's hve a mid-night.
Collection of raw data on this Site will empower the Greatest Book ever written.
Coming soon to America is the slaughter of the White Race by the Black Race - and Rightfully so - for the White Fools have ignored Opposites of their Being - to Worship ONE of Death by Religion and Academia.
Community is perpetual family/self.
Compare plan "A" god with a plan "B" Time Cube creation and discover plan "A" is a lie.
Compare the American Black economics to the African Black environment where Whites can't own land or vote.
Corner god nonexistent.
Corruption of Word Academic free speech is a damn lie.
Corrupts Religion & Academia.
Cowards fear the Time Cube.
Cowards ignore Time Cube.
Created by Opposites, as a Harmonic Cubic Form, with a God like Opposite Analytical Brain that can learn both sides of a God and True Creation, I am wiser than any single brain thinker who suppresses the analytical challenge to God.
Creation Origin Found Life is a "Crapshoot" - with a femininity cube and a masculinity cube.
Creation based on 4 Days - just as you have 4 corners.
Creation is Cubic Opposites, 2 Major Corners & 2 Minor.
Creation is a Cubic Princple, & you are too dumb to know.
Creation is by opposites, opposite hemispheres and opposite sexes - not queer singularity.
Creation occurs via opposites.
Creation ocurrs via opposites, but Religious/Academia pedants suppress it teaching Satanic One.
Creation of 4 simultaneous 24 hour days, within a single rotation of Earth, empowers me above all 1-day gods and educated stupid scientists.
Creation of life occurs between 2 opposites.
Cube 4x4 voids 1 & God.
Cube Divinity transcends all knowledge, Humans can't escape 4 corner Cubic Life.
Cube is opposite perfection.
Cube is the most perfect form of opposites.
Cube proves you are Stupid.
Cube unity voids 1 god entity.
Cubeless WORD - is an evil "adult scam" against children and is destroying humanity.
Cubeless Word Dooms USA.
Cubeless academia = armageddon and a barren Earth for children.
Cubeless education - is a deadly evil.
Cubeless educators are evil bastards.
Cubeless institutions are spreaders of evil, and students lack mentality to challenge it.
Cubeless word allows the evil to rule and the liars to teach.
Cubeless word is adult evil.
Cubelessness is a human evil, negating human right to live.
Cubelessness is an Evil.
Cubes are varied and imperfect as are their human composites.
Cubic Creation Wisdom empowers me above all the 1 day gods on Earth.
Cubic Creation of 4 corner separate simultaneous 24 hour Days within 1 Earth rotation - transcends and contradicts the 1 Day rotation/1 God Creation of Christianity - and all ONEism / Singularity religions - proving them to constitute Evil on Earth for the parallel Opposites.
Cubic Harmonics will pacify all religions.
Cubic Nature is Omnific, Infinite, Ineffable and on Harmonic duty today.
Cubic Power contradicts god.
Cubic Time transcends gods.
Cubic antipode creation debunks singularity.
Cubic thought Reigns as the Highest Intelligence possible on the planet Earth.
Cubicao.tk Trashes My Site, using My Data and His Erroneous Prophecy Crap.
Cubicism bans monodeity.
Cubicism debunks evil academic singularity.
Cubicism debunks evil religious singularity.
Cubicism debunks evil scientific singularity.
Cubicism debunks evil word god singularity.
Cubics comprehend it.
Damn stupid humans worship a Queer as God.
Days in 1 Earth Rotation.
Demand Time Cube debate in all academic institutions.
Demand educators debate Time Cube.
Demand evil educators explain Cubicism, or allow me to come teach Cube Creation.
Demand right to debate Time Cube, or you are unworthy of life on Earth.
Demand your teachers teach Time Cube and encourage debate or you are mentally enslaved as stupid and evil ass unfit for life on Earth.
Denying debate proves this.
Destroying Nature equates destroying future children, for Nature constitutes the reservoir for human spirit.
Did God have bellybutton and did he have tailbone?
Did you see the movie Matrix?
Divide past, present, future by 4.
Do blacks honor those whites?
Do not pass this point without the 4 days.
Do you care to know that Cubic Creation debunks the Word God and Word World of the educated stupid human Word Animal?
Do you enjoy being stupid?
Do you know that time is a simultaneous 4 corner square that rotates to a 4 day time cube within 1 - 24 hour rotation of Earth?
Do you like being Stupid?
Do you realize that a 4 corner square rotating 1/4 turn creates a full circle?
Do you really believe that your Jew God screwed a hole in the ground to create Adam and Eve out of dirt, at the same time that woman existed in the nation of NOD, Nation of Damsels from where Cain got wife?
Does black mentality need the 20 points to equate the mentality of the white race, or is it an evil ploy to subdue the white race?
Don't accept cubeless education that leads to apocalyptic doom, as it has led all past civilizations.
Don't forget your dark rule over light on Earth will most likely incite the Sun to fight back.
Doom descends upon Whites as with all past civilizations.
Dr Gene Ray is the Greatest Philosopher, and is the Greatest Mathematician.
Dr Gene Ray, Cubic and Wisest Human (at left).
Dumb academicians cannot comprehend their slavery to counterfeit word and its evil.
Dumb ass educators fear Gene Ray and his Time Cube Creation - and they run from any mention of Time Cube Debate.
Dumb ass educators fear me and hide from debate.
Dumb ass teachers fear Time Cube and will eat dung before debating it.
Dumb students are educated stupid.
Each Earth corner rotates own separate 24 hour day.
Each of the 4 corners of Earth is the beginning and ending of its own separate 24 hour day - all 4 simultaneous days within a single rotation of Earth.
Each rotation of earth has 4 mid-days, 4 mid-nights, 4 sun-ups and 4 sun-downs.
Each season has its own separate corner Year.
Earth Has 4 Days In Same 24 Hrs., 1 Day God Was Wrong.
Earth Opposites should split apart - and cascade molten lava upon God Worshippers, for they are the evil on Earth.
Earth body 4 corner time equals 4 leg mobility.
Earth composed of 4 Worlds.
Earth entity does not exist - for it is composed of opposite hemispheres which rotate in opposite directions - equating to a zero value existence, and to nothing as a "singularity".
Earth exist as 4 - 90 degree opposite corner quadrants, but not as a 360 degree circle.
Earth exists as2 opposite Cube hemispheres.
Earth has 4 simultaneous Days within only 1 rotation.
Earth has not 2 poles, but opposite poles that cancel each other out - if added.
Earth has perfect vertical axis: The Earth axis tilt represents an in perfection upon which life is based.
Earth is Cubic opposites, nothing as circle.
Earth is composed of opposite hemispheres which rotate in opposite directions - equal to a zero value existence (plus & minus).
Earth is not a Singularity, it is composed of Opposites.
Earth is not an ONE because Earth has Opposite Halves, Existing Only As Opposites, equating nothing as Entity.
Earth is not an entity, for adding the opposite values cancel each other to no existence.
Earth life is heaven and hell.
Earth more Cubic than orb.
Earth nor human equal entity.
Earth rotates 4 simultaneous seasons simultaneously as it revolves around the Sun, thus creating 4 simultaneous years as in a separate year for each season.
Earth rotates within a Time Cube.
Earth sphere is Cubic with rounded corners.
Earth sphere rotates within an invisible Time Cube.
Earth's 4corners rotate 4corners of TIME, creating 4simultaneous day Earth rotation, as if 4 different Worlds with their own day, for 4separate races with 4corner life stages, with outer limits of 4x4 great-grandparents.
Earth, Life, and Truth - contradicts 1 Day Gods, and ineffable by human.
Educated Singularity stupid, empowering evil way of life.
Educated cubeless stupid, you think stupid.
Educated fools can't comprehend Cubicism.
Educated have snot brain.
Educated people are stupid cowards.
Educated people are the evil empower - ment of the self - the lowest form of humanity.
Educated singularity stupid - You can't think 4 corner days.
Educated stupid, you can't know Truth.
Educated to Death - Creation occurs via Opposites - NOT one.
Education "plunders" Nature.
Education and Religion severely diminishes your intelligence and mentality, instituting ONEness Evil, You are educated stupid - and you have no inkling to just how EVIL you think.
Education corrupts your mentality to know this.
Education corrupts your rationale to know.
Education destroys brain.
Education equates stupidity and educators ban Life Cube.
Education equates to a mass icepick lobotomy - destroying the mind's ability to think as opposites.
Education induces Stupidity.
Education is 1 stupid corner.
Education is but mind control, no whips or shackles required.
Education stupefies humans.
Educator ban of Time Cube free speech is Nazi like evil.
Educator evil is to ignore Time Cube until forgotten - or I die.
Educators Teach Their Students To Act Evil, but the students are really too dumb to know.
Educators and teachers, ignorant of the Time Cube Principle, are evil liars and unfit to live in Earth's Garden of Eden.
Educators are KILLING US - teaching Death value ONEism.
Educators are actually "evil word gods", teaching commercial plunder of Nature.
Educators are actually evil for refusing to teach students Nature's 4 World Time Cube, each with own separate day - all in only 1 rotation of Earth.
Educators are actually evil for refusing to teach students Nature's 4 World Time Cube.
Educators are evil bastards who fear Time Cube debate.
Educators are evil bastards.
Educators are evil hirelings.
Educators are evil people - for they teach cubelessness.
Educators are evil people; words corrupt principles, "takes child out of family" & "takes village out of child" - "empowerment of self-evil".
Educators are evil to deny Time Cube debate.
Educators are flat-out liars.
Educators are lying bastards.
Educators are teaching doom.
Educators are teaching you Evil Cubelessness.
Educators are the primary cause of evil mathematics.
Educators are too damn stupid to know 4/16 Cube.
Educators are"damn liars", and most evil of all animals.
Educators are"damn liars",and most evil of all animals.
Educators cannot allow Time Cube to be known.
Educators destroy your brain, but you don't know, so why care?
Educators don't know black from white.
Educators fear me, they cower and run.
Educators have destroyed the human analytical brain to a single perspective, in spite of all creation within Universe being based upon opposites, binaries & antipodes, including Sun/Earth binary relative to the human male/female binary.
Educators ignore Cube Life and they create evil students.
Educators own your mind and fills it with garbage, that will soon destroy humanity.
Educators teach assumed math, but are too damn dumb, stupid and evil to know that until Word is cornered, Math is fictitious.
Educators teach cubeless babble, ignoring Highest Order Creation - a Cube.
Educators teach erroneous Mathematics.
Educators teach fake beliefs.
Educators teach stupidity & evil.
Educators, and You - ought to be killed for ignoring the fact that "Earth is Cubed".
Einstein Was ONEist Brain.
Einstein has a mid-day.
Einstein has a mid-night.
Einstein has a sun-down.
Einstein has a sun-up.
Einstein was singularity stupid, and you are singularity stupid.
Entity equals cancellation - the death of Opposites.
Entity is death worship - for it cancels opposites.
Erroneous 1 Day 1 God crap has corrupted human Cubic intelligence.
Even a worst imprisonment exists when the whites are under Dark rule, who seek revenge for false slavory.
Even animal world adheres to this merciful act.
Even though it is unlawful, it is not immoral to kill the educators, the students and others ignorant of Nature's Harmonic Cubic Creation - acting as queer as 1-corner, corrupting family villages & plundering Earth's Nature.
Ever notice how Nature returns when humans leave?
Every Creation is of Opposites, Not a human or planet is One.
Every Human is Composed of 4 Corners, existing only as Cubicians.
Every Man Born Of Woman.
Every Priest Has Ma Sign But Lies To Honor Queers.
Every academic professor and teacher ignorant of the Time Cube Principle, is stupid, evil and unworthy of life on Earth, for they lead humanity down a path ending with cannibalism.
Everybody is both stupid and evil for ignoring the 4 days.
Evil 1 Day god claim corrupts ALL academia back from the creation of the Earth Opposites.
Evil 1 day Bible kills children.
Evil Adult Crime VS Youth.
Evil Ass Educators Suppress Time Cube, and dumb ass students condone such evil.
Evil Educated "Singularity" Stupid - ignores the Cubic Wisdom of Wisest Human and The Greatest Thinker.
Evil God Believers refuse to acknowledge 4 corner Days rotating simultaneously around 4 quadrant created Earth - in only 1 rotation, voiding the Oneism Evil 1 Day 1 God.
Evil To worship God One, For Life Is Composed of Cubed Opposites - AntiOne.
Evil academia blocks out Time Cube site and suppresses its discussion and debate.
Evil academic bastards who preach singularity and block Cubic Creation debate, should be nailed to the cross.
Evil education is based upon Evil Religion.
Evil educators outlaw student Time Cube debate.
Evil educators refuse to recognize the wisest of humans to ever exist.
Evil educators suppress Cubic Creation and preach evil singularity to dumb students - dispossessing students of ratiocinate mind.
Evil educators suppress student free speech right to debate Cubic Creation.
Evil educators teach dumb students how to profit from plunder of Earth and to create deadly nuclear waste that will poison the children's water and destroy humanity.
Evil is cubeless.
Evil media erroneous linear Time deadly to family Cube.
Evil media hides Time Cube.
Evil men ignore Time Cube.
Evil of believing is not measuring and the result of not measuring - is never knowing Truth, ineffable by man or god.
Evil people deny Time Cube.
Evil people ignore TimeCube.
Evil professors ignore this as a challenge would indict them.
Evil professors ignore this.
Evil singularity dooms Opposite Creation.
Evil students don't object.
Evil teachers betray students, as ONE is a Death Value.
Evil word became your god.
Exact science based on Cubics, not on theories.
Except for human brain, no ONEness exists.
Excessive adult debt treats children worse than Dogs.
Explain 4 life human metamorphosis.
Explain the "Time Cube".
Explain the physics of a god.
Faith IS NOT knowledge, but evil of not measuring.
Fake god eats Child life.
Family Cube is creation body.
Family has "4-corners" and 4/16 cube rotation.
Family is Cubic.
Family is a 4-corner rotation, mother, father, son, daughter.
Family is source of human creation.
Family is the creation body.
Family tribal/village are bodies of opposites.
Father Son Image, Not Gods.
Fire Religious Teachers ignorant of Time Cube.
Fire Religious Teachers too stupid for 4/16 Life.
First words said was that only 1 day could be used on Earth to not change the 1 day bible.
Flag depicts 2 opposite side hemispheres Creation of life occurs between 2 opposites.
Flag depicts opposite rotating hemispheres.
Fools know not Nature's Cubic Creation.
Fools worship mechanics of language - while they wallow in fictitious & deceitful word.
For a year now I have studied your Time Cube truths but have not been able to convince others of its reality (dumbasses).
For as long as you dumbass, educated stupid and evil bastards IGNORE Cubic Creation, your sons and daughters deserve to die and be maimed in foreign lands - while killing innocent women and children.
For now, the issue is just how evil you are for ignoring Life's Highest Order, and just how long the Time Cube will allow you to plunder Earth before inflicting hell upon you.
For true freedom, burn bible to contradict academic gods.
Force teachers to debate Time Cube site.
Forced integration created a new race of human - a light black race bridge from the black-black to the white-white.
Form is Cubic.
Fraudulent ONEness of religious academia has retarded your opposite rationale brain to a half brain slave.
Gene Ray has created 4 simultaneous 24 hour Days within a single 24 hour Earth rotation.
Gene Ray interview by Lionel on Air America Radio, The Lionel Show - 10am, Friday, August 3, 2007 Creation is the Harmonics of Opposites - Opposites are the Harmonics of Creation.
Gene Ray is sole Authority on Harmonic Time Cube.
Gene Ray offers Wikipedia $10,000.00 to disprove math that 1 rotation of 4 Earth quadrants within the 4 quarter Harmonic Time Cube does create 4 simultaneous 24 hr.
Gene Ray, Born Cubic & The Wisest Human At the risk of my life, I must issue a GRAVE WARNING to my fellow Americans - about a potential Civil War between millions if Obama, the Black candidate, is elected President of the United States, displacing the white president - inducing America to become a Black Nation.
Gene Ray, Cubic & Wisest Human in 1 Earth rotation.
Gene Ray, Cubic and King of Genius.
Gene Ray, Cubic and Wise Above God.
Gene Ray, Cubic and Wise Above Gods Cubicism, Not group theory.
Gene Ray, Cubic and Wisest Human - His Wisdom is Awesome.
Gene Ray, Cubic and Wisest Human.
Gene Ray, the Wisest Human, lectured on his Time Cube discovery at Georgia Tech, on April 14 at 7 pm.
Gene is The Greatest Thinker and Wisest Human.
Genesis 1:5 "first Day"is an evil Lie - contradicting the whole damn bible sh-it.
Genesis 1:5 is an evil LIE, 1 Day not possible, does not rotate.
Gensis 1:5 is an erroneous and evil lie that rocks religion and academia to their roots.
Get ready for armageddon.
Go Belly-Button Logic Works.
God = Hate of Children.
God BELIEF succumbs to The Cubic Law of Nature.
God Is Born Of A Mother – She Left Belly B.
God Oners must ban all sex with Opposites.
God belief 50% god disbelief.
God can't occupy 4-corners.
God claimed to have created a single day rotation of Earth.
God concept is human doom.
God created only a single 24 hour day rotation of Earth, while I have created 4 simultaneous 24 hour days within a single rotation of Earth - therefore, I am wiser than the word god, and all word worshipers.
God denies a childhood.
God desecrates childhood.
God did not create a 1st or even a single Day in a claim equaled to the Earth standing still.
God entity is queer sex, or no opposite sex.
God equals self masturbation of mind - for opposites create.
God evolves from Santa.
God guise for Queer scam, enslaves 4 Day cube brain as ONEist.
God image is womanless queer likeness.
God in Human form has human limits as body controls activity.
God is 1-day, Science is 1 day.
God is Death of Opposites There is not a God, Pope, man or woman who ever lived who did not have a tailbone and navel from a Mother's birth experience.
God is a "1 corner" evil.
God is a State of Queerdom.
God is a word masturbation.
God is an Evil Invention.
God is an academic deception.
God is an evil adult "word scam" against children that justifies adult plunder of all natural resources on Earth.
God is but a killer of children.
God is but a single corner face on a 4-corner head.
God is but an adult Santa extension of child Santa - equating evil singularity - unnatural as 1 pole Earth.
God is cubeless.
God is hate for Opposites.
God is hate for our Children.
God is hate for our Mothers.
God is hate for our families.
God is like hate for children.
God is product of fictitious word.
God is singularity.
God lets little children starve, so no adults are worth saving.
God love is Hate for Others.
God never appeared nor did any professors.
God worship only needs a snot brain, but it takes Opposite Brain Analysis to know Harmonic Life.
God's error corrupts academia.
Godism Organized Crime is a goto hell Mom & Dad.
Good news about the MIT lecture and the debate with Harvard and MIT representatives.
Good thing, for if they had acknowledge the Time Cube and collected the $500.00 offer, they would have been fired.
Google has over 1,000,000 links to Time Cube site.
Google has over 2,000,000 links to Time Cube site.
Google once had 89,000,000 links to Time Cube site.
Greenwich 1 day is a lie.
Greenwich 1 day time is evil.
Greenwich Time is a Lie.
Greenwich Time is a Lies.
Greenwich day is of stupidity.
Have you mentality to know 4 Days rotating simultaneously on Earth?
He knows not that his face is a corner.
He who speaks, preaches, teaches, condones or practices SINGULARITY - an evil that equates DEATH by cancellation of universal OPPOSITES - hemispheres, sexes, seasons, races, temperatures, marriages and divided cell (the human Cubic who rotates a 4 corner stage family rotating metamorphic lifetime) - should have their evil lying tongue cut out.
Hell cometh to the dumb, ignorant, educated stupid "Worshippers of ONE", for Creation is of OPPOSITES.
Hell could be the living in Black skin, but for whites living under Black rule could be a harsher hell.
Hell, I am as much an economic slave as any black.Not one black in America wears a shackle that prevents them from returning to their African culture.
Here is a cube manufactured from metal, in similar likeness to Time Cube 
Hey - got a death threat from Temporal Phoenix last night, saying that the big ole boys that make the world go round, are going to wipe me off the Earth.
Hey stupid - are you too dumb to know there are 4 different simultaneous 24 hour days within a single rotation of Earth?
His heart is not big enough for sharing with the vastness of created opposites.
Horrendous HOAX on the Educated, for they worship deified Queer as their God - that is Criminal Education.
How Stupid - Pay to worship Queer as a God.
How can such an evil school exist in USA.
How can you trust stupid professors who lie to you?
How evil unto their mothers.
How long will it take the educated to destroy Nature?
How many whites died while freeing blacks from slavery?
Human exist as personified 4-corner pyramid but with only a 1-corner perspective during a 4-corner rotation, or 4 - stage metamorphosis.
Human god has quarter value as 1 human has 1-corner face.
Human is 1 corner character of a 4-corner metamorphosis.
Human metamorphosis has 4-corner lifetime stages known as baby,child, parent and grandparent.
Human one is non-existent, for he exists as Opposites.
Human word animals are singularity stupid.
Humans are 1-corner beings (1-corner face 4-corner head) who rotate 4-corner lifetimes: baby, child, parent, g-parent.
Humans are 1-corner beings Time Cube debunks god lies.
Humans are Evil bastards to claim that a god is all knowing - when the queer bastard is too stupid to comprehend that 4 simultaneous corner 24 hour days and 4 Earth rotations occur within a single 24 hour rotation of CubedEarth.
Humans are born with opposite analytical thought God like brain - that religious/academia taught ONEness reduces to a trained dog singularity servility.
Humans are brainwashed stupid and indoctrinated evil.
Humans are dumb, educated stupid, and evil.
Humans are educated stupid - and revel within their stupidity.
Humans are educated stupid Word Animals, creating a Word God and Word World, thus inflicting singularity as mange upon Nature.
Humans are educated stupid because they are really dumb and cannot even comprehend the Time Cube creation code when it is explained to them.
Humans are enslaved by word, the most efficient mind control.
Humans are evil bastards to claim that a god is all-powerful when it is impossible for a male queer god to give birth to a baby or breast-feed it - a power that only a Mother posseses.
Humans are evil to worship singularity of 1day education, ignoring Nature's Harmonic Cubic Antipodal Creation.
Humans are fictitious word worshipers & math stupid.
Humans are not godly, their 4 corner stage metamorphic seasons proves them Cubic.
Humans are of Opposites, One God equals Dead God.
Humans are of Opposites.
Humans are the only educated stupid animal and too dumb to even know it.
Humans bartered their mind to the SELF in their likeness.
Humans born of 2 opposites, Transfer interrupted!
Humans born of 2 opposites, femininity and masculinity, to a 4-corner metamorphosis: baby, child, parent, gd.parent.
Humans exist as CUBICS, not entities, for the 4 corner stages of rotating human metamorphosis do not occur at the same time for the individual - except for family Cube.
Humans exist only as opposites - with a zero value, for if unified, male and female would counter each other & cease to exist.
Humans glorify word as god.
Humans ignore their 4 corner stages of life metamorphosis.
Humans must establish 4 corner Earth Cube.
Humans worship ONEness of DEATH, thus they are destroying the LIFE of all Opposites by which all Creation exists.
I Denounce Cubicao.tk as Harmful To "Time Cube",and C/R Infringement.
I INVOKE a CURSE upon the educators that their students will awake from their academic induced stupor & seek revenge.
I am a "Cubic Thinker" and far wiser than any god, any scientist and any educator who preaches the evil singularity of a single 1st corner.
I am a Knower of 4 corner simultaneous 24 hour Days that occur within a single 4 corner rotation of Earth.
I am a Knower of 4 corner simultaneous 24 hour Days that occur within a single 4 quadrant rotation of Earth.
I am flabbergasted that the "big brother" hired pedants can brainwash and indoctrinate the powerful antipode human mind to ignore the simple math of 4 simultaneous 24 hour days within a single rotation of Earth, to worship one and trash three.
I am not allowed to lecture at the word animal academic institutions, for they fear my wisdom will expose and indict the pedant hirelings as betrayers of dumb-ass students - the dung heads who allow their freedom of speech to be suppressed without a whimper, unbelieveable.
I am organizing Children to join "Cubic Army of 4 Days" to convert Evil 1 Day Adults to 4 Day mentality existence, to serve perpetual humanity.
I am seeking sharp attorney interested in a case that transcends the excitement of the Scopes Monkey Trial.
I am the wisest human and offer $1,000.00 to the 1st to disprove my wisdom claim above the educated stupid.
I am the wisest human of all, for I have absolute proof of 4 simultaneous 24 hour days in a single rotation of the Earth.
I am wiser than a word god.
I am wiser than all gods and scientists, for I have created 4 simultaneous Worlds with 4 simultaneous days within a single rotation of Earth and have created 4 simultaneous years in a single orbit of the Earth around the Sun and I have created 4 corner stages of "human metamorphosis".
I am wiser than any god or scientist, for I have squared the circle and cubed Earth's sphere, thus I have created 4 simultaneous separate 24 hour days within a 4-corner (as in a 4-corner classroom) rotation of Earth.
I am wiser than your god - and you call me nuts.
I am writing a "Time Cube " book that will contradict and condemn every religious and scientific book written and why not, for I am the Greatest Thinker and the Wisest Human.
I bestow upon myself the "Doctorate of Cubicism", for educators are ignorant of Nature's Harmonic Time Cube Principle and cannot bestow the prestigious honor of wisdom upon the wisest human ever.
I bet you can't handle Truth.
I can call singularity educators the most putrid name on Earth and claim they eat cow-dung ambrosia, but the lying ass bastards will not even object - for they know I am right and that any debate will indict them for the evil they perpetuate against the students and future humanity.
I can call singularity educators the most putrid name on Earth and the will lying bastards will not even object - for they know I am right and that any debate will indict them for the evil they perpetuate against the students and future humanity.
I can lead you to 4 Wisdom, but I can't free your brain from the evil of singularity.
I can say that educators "eat shit" and they only cower and hide, doing nothing that will induce debate, that will indict them as evil.
I can talk with a human for hours about the Time Cube and they will agree with every claim I make.
I can't believe that stupid ass students allow suppression of the Time Cube.
I charge academia, religion, media and government with a criminal act of collusion and conspiracy against children.
I demonstrate absolute proof Time is Cubic and not linear.
I demonstrated an absolute unrefutable proof of 4 days simultaneously in a single rotation of the 4 corner Earth sphere.
I demonstrated an absolute unrefutable proof of 4 days simultaneously in a single rotation of the Cubic Earth.
I do not promote or suggest anyone killing you, but you are unfit to live on Earth.
I don't blame the Blacks, only the stupid whites which education reduced their mind to dog brain.
I fear if Obama wins, America will lose.
I have $10,000.00 that I will wager that Cubicism transcends and disproves Theism Creation.
I have SuperNatural Wisdom.
I have been informed that the academic pedant hirelings are conspiring to defame my character, as a means to discredit the Time/Life/Truth Cube Creation Principle.
I have created simultaneous 4 day rotation of Earth.
I have demonstrated absolute proof of "Cubic Creation", through its attributes of 4 simultaneous 24 hour days within a single rotation of Earth.
I have demonstrated absolute unrefutable proof of 4 simultaneous 24 hour days with in a single rotation of Earth.
I have found 3 more 24 hour days on Earth that educators refuse to let you know about.
I have found Evil lies in the Bible that will rock religious and academic values to their primitive origin.
I have invested 30 years of my life and over 1/4 millions dollars researching Nature's 4 - simultaneous 24 hour days within a single rotation of Earth.
I have offered $10,000.00 to the evil bastards if they disprove Time Cube.
I have requested that the UCS, or Union of Concerned Scientists, act to evaluate Nature's Harmonic Time Cube Principle of Creation - for the welfare of children, nature and the future of all humanity.
I have so much to teach you, but you ignore me you evil asses.
I hope you live long enough to see Blacks hacking to death the whites just as the chimp ripped the stupid brain who thought a chimp also was equal.
I know 4 different Worlds, the ingredients existed, but I created a 4-World recipe.
I know 4 different simultaneous Worlds, with their own separate 24 hour days, the ingredients existed, but I created a 4 - World recipe.
I know for a fact that 4 simultaneous 24 hour Days exist within a single rotation of Earth.
I know now why the Jews deserved their holocaust - worshipping their own adult EGO image as a damn god whil ignoring and betraying the very children who sacrifice their LIFE so their Moms and Dads could Live.
I lectured and debated at MIT, and have 2 hour video proof.
I lectured/debated at MIT & have 2 hour video proof.
I offer absolute proof that I have created 4 simultaneous 24 hour days within a single rotation of Earth.
I plan to sue academic institutions for multi-millions of dollars for their endangering the lives of children through brainwashing and indoctrination stupidity.
I possess data, with proof, that will absolutely blow the lid off the present civilization.
I shit you not.
I think Cubic, I am wisest.
I think Cubic, therefore I rise above the singularity mentality human and the false gods they worship - discovering a Universe of Opposites their education will never allow them to know.
I thought Google was free of such evil bias, predjudice and shenanigans that block real truth from being known.
I was born to think Cubic as in a 4 corner family life, therefore I rise above you.
I will give $1,000.00 to any person who can disprove 4 days in each earth rotation.
I will give $10,000.00 to 1st education institution or to the 1st professor who can disprove 4-Day Time Cube.
I will not receive one educator reaction, as their power is in ignoring ineffable Truth.
I will wager $10,000.00 on it.
I will wager $10,000.00 that Cubic Creation is almighty.
I will wager $10,000.00 that within the Cubic embodiment of Nature, there are 4 simultaneous 24 hour days within a single rotation of Earth.
I would be more inclined to think that a jackass would kick me than to understand the wisdom of the Time Cube.
If Earth stood still, it would have mid-day, mid-night, sun-up and sun-down as 4 corners.
If I tell a human that his 4-corner head (nose, 2 ears and back corner) has only a 1-corner face, the dumb - ass will say to me - "prove it".
If a Man cannot tear a page from the bible and burn it - then he cannot be a scientist, or participate in Symposium - to measure Cubing of Earth with Cubic intelligence wiser than any man or god known.
If ever allowed, Cubic debate will indict evil singularity as damnation of humanity.
If god is your father, your mother is a whore.
If ignorant of the almighty Time Cube Creation Truth, you deserve to be killed.
If not, you are self-indicted as DUMB and totally ignorant of Nature's Cubic Life.
If not, you are truely stupid.
If not, your brain has rotted.
If only the dead people who god did not save, could return and give their opinion of a god.
If rotated, the 4 corners would have equaled 16 corner, 96 hours and 4 Days.
If scientist can't burn Bible, he is a liar, not scientist.
If the Earth axis was perfectly vertical, there would be no divisions of life as in seasons and therefore no life.
If the United States buries 80,000 tons of nuclear waste inside Mother Earth, for our children to inherit, then Americans will be the most evil bastards to ever inhabit a planet.
If you believe the academic erroneous word god, you will die stupid and evil - for you have not the mental freedom to comprehend Nature's Higher Order Wisdom of the Harmonic Simultaneous 4-Day Time Cube Creation Principle within 1Earth Rotation.
If you incite your people to revolt and the signs are already there, whites around the World will slaughter their blacks, and the rest will be returned to African Hell.
If you would acknowledge simple existing math proof that 4 harmonic corner days rotate simultaneously around squared equator and cubed Earth, proving 4 Days, Not 1Day,1Self,1Earth or 1God that exists only as anti-side.
Ignorance of "Time Cube" indicts you stupid and evil.
Ignorance of 4 day harmonic cubic nature indicts humans as unfit to live on earth.
Ignorance of 4 days is evil, Evil educators teach 1 day.
Ignorance of Time Cube dooms humans, inflicting their own created "word hell".
Ignorance of Time Cube is Greatest Evil.
Ignorance of the Time Cube is a "curse" upon humanity.
Ignorance of the Time Cube is evil.
Ignorance of the Time Cube, Life Cube & Ineffable Truth Cube, indicts you Stupid.
Ignorant of Nature's Harmonic 4 Day Time Cube Creation, the Americans are Dumb, Educated Singularity Stupid and Evil.
Ignore Cubic Math at your own peril, and of humanity.
Ignore me & keep counting the dead sons.
Ignoring 4 Corner Earth Days will Destroy Evil Humanity.
Ignoring Cubic Creation indicts you evil.
Ignoring Cubium indicts you evil.
Ignoring Time Cube is Evil.
Ignoring Time Cube is evil.
Image by R.
Impossible for ONE Sex.
Impossible for One to Love, if there is no other Opposite.
Impossible for a god to create a single Earth Day.
Impossible for a human singularity to exist.
In 1884, meridian time personnel met in Washington to change Earth time.
In America, Blacks have welfare, in Africa they have AIDS.
In a single rotation of the Earth sphere, each Time corner point rotates through the other 3-corner Time points, thus creating 16 corners, 96 hours and 4-simultaneous 24 hour Days within a single rotation of Earth - equated to a Higher Order of Life Time Cube.
In the beginning - was word.
In today's society of greed, men of word illusion are elected to lead and wise men are condemned.
Infinite days is stupidity.
Instead each of the 4 quadrant Times represented a single and separate 24 hour Day rotation within a common 24 hour rotation of Earth.
Integration equates unnatural racial slop.
Integration is a racial slop, destroying all of the races.
Interracial marriage is stupid and evil for it creates a child not of either race, betraying the child and both the races.
Invented word god and the stupid scientists recognize only a 1-day Earth rotation.
Is Indian segregation legal?
Is Wikipedia a Singularity Brotherhood controlled Trojan Horse indoctrination - that edits Time Cube to a negative view?
Is there no limit to just how putrid their godism mentality will dwell in stupor.
Is your university so evil - as to suppress Time Cube?
Isn't integration racial slop?
It "degradates" 4/16 family life and destroys all villages.
It Is The Absolute Verifiable Truth & Proven Fact That Your Belly-Button Signature Ties To Viviparous Mama.
It bribes the child mind to accept false Santa spirit and false god spirit deceit associated with it.
It has been revealed.
It is already evil in that they suppress student free speech for discussing and debating Nature's Harmonic Time Cube Principle.
It is an evil government of evil adults to bury 77,000 tons of nuclear waste in the Nevada mountains as a heritage for their children, and keep on making it.
It is best to be uneducated and Wise, than educated with Lies.
It is dumb, stupid, evil and unworthy of life on Earth to claim that this Creation Cube has 6 sides - or no top and bottom.
It is evil for Coryoth to edit Time Cube.
It is imperative that that you know what you don't know, but what you know, will not allow you to know what you don't know.
It is impossible for an academic deified Queer ONE god to give birth to, or breast-feed a Baby.
It is not immoral for students to dispise educators who ignore Nature's Harmonic Time Cube or suppress free speech rights to debate Time Cube Creation Principle.
It is not immoral for students to kill all educators who ignore Nature's Harmonic Time Cube or suppress free speech rights to debate Time Cube Creation Principle.
It is not immoral to kill believers, for the stupid bastards EVOLVE from son or daughter who precedes them.
It is the Holy Grail of Physics.
It is the Theory of the Universe.
It is the Theory to End all Theories - and is a totally different principle from theoretical physicists thinking.
It is the Ultimate Theory.
It is the Unified Field Theory.
It is their moral duty to test Time Cube, and a curse of evil if they ignore the greatest discovery of humanity.
It is up to the youth to force educators teach Time Cube, or inherit the barren Earth.
It is what you do, not utter.
It will become a blackskin nation and then an asianskin nation.
It's a pity that religious and academic word is a crime against Nature and enslaves Children.
It's not immoral to kill Americans who IGNORE their OPPOSITE sex parents who Created them, but instead worship a queer jew who claims to make people out of dirt - when the body is 90 percent water.
Janczarski (Dr Gene Ray, Cubic and Wisest Human, depicted in image above) The primary purpose for Education is not Subject matter, but subservience to accept any crap taught without opposing thought, destroying opposite brain to be submissive android.
Jesus has a mid-day.
Jesus has a mid-night.
Jesus has a midday.
Jesus has a sun-down.
Jesus has a sun-up.
Jew owners of religious/ academic christianity - have enslaved your ass, and you are too stupid to know you are a slave to plunder profiteers of Earth's Cubic Nature.
Joke - Dumb god stood on Sun - Let there be light.
Just as Word viruses are destructive in human made computers, there is a deadly Word virus spreading within the English Language.
Just as the clock face has 4 quarter corners, an Earth hemisphere has 4 quadrant corners.
Just the other Day in the NEWS, they were worshipping their god image in Vomit.
Keep ignoring me you evil asses and observe the slaughter of your children protecting the oil barons ripping off their families back home.
Killing you is not immoral - but justified to save life on Earth for future generations.
Know it to be of your own making.
Know that ONE causes Hell.
Language is a human invention of an evil cubeless singularity.
Languages have deadly virus that will destroy the educated.
Lecture for MIT people only.
Liberty", where Jews slaughter American sailors.
Liberty".
Lie that corrupts earth you educated stupid fools.
Life has 4 Opposing Corners, Earth rotates 4 Corner Days.
Life is Cubic.
Life is Opposite, Death ONE.
Life is as secure as existing on a razor edge.
Life is based upon a perfect math or your arm would be too short to wipe your butt.
Life is pulsing opposite mirror Pairs, Death is ONEness of Godism.
Life rotates via 4-corners.
Life rotation debunks Trinity.
Like a God - like a Queer.
Like the 1 eye 1 brain Cyclop, you're equal stupid.
Linear Time is an "evil lie".
Linear Time is wrong and suicidal.
Linear Time vs Time Cube.
Linear, singularity and trinity equate to evil math within Nature's Cubic Creation You are a slave - to academic induced inculcated belief - an insidious entity, an evil which corrupts human mental ability to accept creation knowledge, as demonstrated in Cubicism.
Linear, singularity and trinity equate to evil math within Nature's Cubic Creation.
Losing 3 Days in each Earth rotation has retarded your mentality to stupid and an education of Evil.
Love for God = Hate for Child.
Love of God is hate for child.
MIT has become the first academic institution on the Earth to sponsor Harmonic Time Cube lecture / debate.
MIT is a religious institution.
MIT students depict great courage to debate the Time Cube where academia fears to tread.
MIT, Massachusetts Institute of Technology has invited me as a guest lecturer to inform them about Nature's Time Cube, in January.
Male Creator is Evil Scam.
Male+female cancel each out.
Male/female = zero existence, as in 2 opposite hemispheres.
Man Is Paired, 2 Half 4 Self.
Man evolves from teenager - in cube metamorphosis but ignores teenager to worship a male mother, guised in woman's garb, churchman called father.
Man invented his God in man's character - Stupid Oneism and Singularity in Universe of Opposites.
Man invented word, and calls it god.
Man is the only evil animal.
Man is the only word animal.
Man isn't a steward of life's nature, the bastard plunders it like killing future children, for they die without nature.
Man-god academic scam equals 1-corner Pyramid.
Mathematically impossible for a Genius or any God to match my Cubic Wisdom.
Maybe, you should worship a fish god.
Media bastards betray life on Earth & ravages childhood.
Media people are evil liars.
Media power is by ignoring Truth presented against it.
Media suppresses the Truth and are evil lying bastards, fit for profits, not morality.
Media will eat dung before a Time Cube ad is allowed to be published to inform the public of a Cubic creation.
Media will eat shit before a Time Cube ad is allowed to be published to inform the public of a Cubic creation.
Media will not deny this as denial would force debate - and they would be exposed.
Mensa is Truth ignorant.
Midday is a light race Day.
Midnight is a Black Race Day and Sunup is an Indian Race Day.
Mind must see Cube eyes can't comprehend.
Minds must see a Time Cube, that eyes cannot comprehend.
Mom & Dad opposites create son & daughter opposites.
Mom and Dad OPPOSITES occur simultaneously with a baby birth - with a potential for creating opposite sexes - existing only as opposites & a zero value existence - that cancel to naught as an entity.
Mom and Dad created you as a Trinity, the Mirror of opposite brain meld into "We" Ego.
Mom/Dad & Son/Daughter, NOT taught Evil ONEism, which VOIDS Families.
More holocaust deserved.
Mother and father gave me birth, not a queer jew god.
Mother&baby are same age.
My 4 Days proves your 1 Day God inferior to my intelligence.
My 4 days disproves 1 day god and evil lying 1-day educators.
My 4 simultaneous Days is above god mentality.
My Cubic Wisdom debunks 1 sex gods.
My Cubic wisdom is above 1 - day Gods and Scientists.
My character is really determined by the mentality of the viewer.
My magnificent creation of 4 simultaneous 24 hour days within a single rotation of Earth, debunks the puny 1-day rotation of a fake word god and stupid educators.
My mother is a teacher, and she said it was "nutty" and "stupid." But guess what - I cornered her, literally, in the living room one evening, and forced her to admit it.
My name is Gene Ray.
My wisdom so antiquates known knowledge, that a psychiatrist examining my behavior, eccentric by his academic single corner knowledge, knows no course other than to judge me schizoprenic.
NO God creates himself - and besides that, he is also composed of opposites that contradicts entity creation.
NO God mentality can Know my 4 Day Cube.
NO Time Cube research by evil academic bastards.
NO Time Cube research!!!
NOT one damn human adult has ever been created - for ONLY babies are CREATED - and every adult has within them the LIFE given by children who DIE to give-up their lives to their parent image - so their mom or Dad can live.
Name 1 Time Cube debating school on all of the Earth.
Name your 4/16 great grandparents.
Nature enforces a LAW against God existence.
Nature has no choice but to bring forth a hell upon evil cubelessness.
Nature outlaws word gods.
Nature's Harmonic Simultaneous 4-Day 4-Corner Time Cube (right).
Nature's Time is Cubic and perpetual.
Navel Connects 4 Corner 4s.
Need Help - Donate to Timecube/Gene Ray at PayPal I am a Knower of 4 corner simultaneous 24 hour Days that occur within a single 4 corner rotation of Earth.
Neither EARTH or HUMAN exist as entities, but opposites.
Neither candidate mentioned RACE for its beyond their expertise - so they just let it happen - slaughter like never seen before.
Nevada's 77,000 ton nuclear waste burial should be made a monument to Scholasticism's evil singularity - contradicted by Cubic Created life, relative to the Cubium dipole atom.
Never a Genius knew Math to achieve my Cubic Wisdom.
No 'Truth in Word' is taught.
No 1 God can create a planet of opposites, which equate to a zero value existence, and cancels to nothing as an entity in death.
No 1 God equals 4 - 24 hour Days Rotating Simultaneously within 1 - 24 hour Rotation of 4 quadrant created Earth.
No Bible Word equals my TimeCubed Earth.
No God Can Make Himself as singularity is death, not life.
No God Knows About 4 Days, It Is Evil To Ignore 4 Days, Does Your Teacher Know ?
No God can even exist in our Universe of Opposites.
No God can exist as One or without Opposite Sex.
No God equals the 4 corner simultaneous 24 hour days within single Earth rotation.
No Man or God exists as One, for Cubic fish of Opposites, divide the Egg into 4 Opposing Quadrants.
No ONEistic god possesses Cubed Wisdom.
No ancient insignificant dead 1 Jew godism can match or exceed the enormity of the Sun/Earth Binary.
No god equals 4 corner simultaneous days in a single rotation of Earth.
No god equals 4 corner stages of metamorphic rotating humanity - as a baby, child, parent and grandparent evolution.
No god equals Simultaneous 4 Day Creation.
No god equals harmonic 4 day creation.
No human "entity" exists.
No human has 2 hands as they are opposites, like plus and minus, that cancel as entity.
No human has a right to believe wrong - for that would be evil thinking.
No human or god can match Nature's simultaneous 4 day rotation in 1 Earth rotation.
No human or god can utter such powerful ineffable opposite Cubic Truth.
No infinite days within 96 hours.
No man on Earth has no belly-button, it proves every believer on Earth a liar.
No man, nation or God equal Cube symmetry of opposites.
No media dares debate me.
No mother until baby born.
No other man or god can claim such Truth manifestation.
No single corner human can occupy or experience more than a single corner at the same time during a 4-corner rotation within the 4/16 creation principle.
No student on Earth is al - lowed to know Time Cube - which disproves god scams.
Not 1 Human Except Dead 1.
Not 1 educator on Earth has objected to being called a stupid and evil bastard for not teaching Time Cube.
Not a single university has accepted my challenge for a public debate of Nature's Time Cube.
Not even a god can deny that I have squared the circle of a static Earth and cubed the Earth sphere by rotating it once to a dynamic Time or Life Cube.
Not one knows of their 4-corner metamorphosis.
Note that they rotate simultaneously wthin the same Time frame as if only one is rotating - just as the 4 different days on Earth rotate.
Note the Bald Eagle with its white head brain with its powerful Black body No Dark shall rule over the light on Earth.
Now, what will you do to avoid such a hell?
ONE Cancels all Opposites.
ONE cannot exist - it would cancel life opposites.
ONE is actually below the lowest form of life - for ONE cancels unified mirrored opposites.
ONE or God cannot Exist - as taught in Queer School by the Queer Educators.
ONEism IS A DEATH TRAP for Mom and Dad Opposites.
ONEism is demonic Death Math.
ONEism of a God Is Death.
ONEness God equates trained Dog mentality - existing only in mental servitude or enslaved ass.
ONEness education is anti-intelligence and reduces mentality to CYCLOPIC HALFBRAIN.
ONEness is queer worship which dooms opposite life.
Obama must resign or Doomsday,for only Light can rule over Earth.
Obama must resign to save his people from his catastrophe.
On Earth between opposite hemispheres, and for humans, opposites sexes.
Once before, Google cut back my site from 89,000,000 to 34,000,000 in a single act for something I said, that/s Evil Google is ONENESS EVIL as I experienced and you can see.
One 96 hour rotating Cube within a single rotation of Earth - is a SuperNatural Transcendence.
One 96 hour rotating Cube within a single rotation of Earth - is an Ineffable Transcendence.
One God would equal a God Dunce as Humans evolve from Children.
One Male God only, without Opposing Female Opposite, equates to Queer Worship and Horror for Humanity, deliberate spread of AIDS, more dangerous than Leper.
One day, vines will cover New York like Aztec ruins.
Oneism equates to evil lie, and Death for Opposites of Hemispheres and Sexes.
Only Cubic Harmonics can save humanity.
Only MIT was courageous.
Only a dumb student can be educated - as in brainwashed and indoctrinated.
Only a false god or academically brainwashed indoctrinated mindless moron would deny that the Earth lacks the top and bottom, the front and back, and 2-sides physical dimensions of a Cube that spirals a 4-season quad helix around the Sun - creating a swirling of 4 simultaneous years as in a separately created year for each of 4 seasons.
Only baby is born.Adult is not born.
Only word makes you godly.
Only your comprehending the Divinity of Cubic Creation will your soul be saved from your created hell on Earth - induced by your ignoring the existing 4 corner harmonic simultaneous 4 Days rotating in a single cycle of the Earth sphere.
Opposite Creation dooms human singularity.
Opposite Creation vs evil god entity.
Opposite Creators required, Depicted by Earth's opposite hemispheres.
Opposite brains, opposite eyes, you think ONE.
Opposite hemispheres equate opposite cubes.
Opposite hemispheres equate planets to a Giant Brain, that has 4 faces, but no limbs.
Opposite sex cubes equate to a crap-shoot.
Opposite sex organs prove male & female to be binary opposites equal zero value, and nothing as unified one.
Opposite sexes created you.
Opposite sexes equate a zero value existence.
Opposites ARE NOT entities.
Opposites Create, not God, who equates queer creator and masturbation creation of Evil Oneness Educators.
Opposites Versus Queer God.
Opposites compose humanity.
Opposites compose the Earth.
Opposites create Opposites.
Opposites create the universe.
Opposites create your body.
Opposites de-god Religion.
Opposites de-god academia.
Opposites de-god singularity taught by religious/academia.
Opposites necessary as God.
Opposites transcend Entity.
Ought not free slaves escape, or is a slavery cry enriching?
Outsiders are banned from Time Cube lecture and debate as only MIT students will be allowed to attend the event.
Overpopulation is Time Bomb.
Pastor Told His Flock That God Created All Of Them - Truth Was That They All had Mama Made Belly Buttons, Church Was Full Of Liars.
Pedant teachers cannot comprehend that there are 4 simultaneous Years within a single rotation of Earth about the Sun.
People can live without word, and cubeless word is a poison that destroys all civilizations.
Physicists forbidden to acknowledge Time Cube.
Place 4 different students in the 4 corners of a classroom and rotate them 4 corners each.
Place a 100 people within this Cubic like room and they will not increase the number of corners anymore than 6 billion people on Earth will increase the 4 corners of Earth.
Planets created via opposite rotating poles.
Planets nor human are entities as they equal Zero Opposites.
Play the colors dealt, some have to the cops and the others the robbers, next life it will be reversed.
Practicing Evil ONEness - Upon Earth Of Quadrants.
Prepare for a hell you created and deserve.
Prepare for a hell you created.
Prequisite to comprehending Nature's Harmonic TimeCube is tearing & burning the bible to purge your mind of its lies.
Professors are evil bastards for suppressing Time Cube, and deserve "tar & feathers" by betrayed students.
Professors are evil bastards for suppressing Time Cube, and deserve "tar & feathers" from the betrayed students.
Proves 4 Corners.
Proving Human Stupidity Revelations 7.1 recognizes 4 Earth Corners.
Queer science theory forced on children.
Queers killed my lil Brother.
RPI incurrs a Cubic curse, evil for ignoring Time Cube.
RPI professors will eat dung before they allow students to debate Time Cube Life, as free speech suppression.
RPI professors will eat shit before they allow students to debate Time Cube Life, as free speech suppression.
Read about "Easter Island End".
Read physics of Santa Claus.
Recognition and application of this Cubic simultaneous 4 day rotation of Earth, will change all math, science and societies from the beginning of human existence.
Religion and academia preach singularity.
Religion but "1 corner".
Religion is Organize Crime to collect $Tithes.
Religion is an evil singularity brotherhood contradicted by the simultaneous 4 corner 24 hour days in a single rotation of Earth, and the 4 corner stages of a human lifetime.
Religion suppresses Right to Know by Instituting a Solidified IGNORANCE of nonexisting ONEism.
Religion/academia teach evil of singularity.
Religious / academic taught Singularity is Evil & Murder.
Religious Singularity is evil, Academic Singularity is evil.
Religious academia represses the human mind of the Cubic Truth - not utterable.
Religious education is mindless declaration of ignorance, still maintained from its ancient origin by dumb and evil humans.
Religious/ Academic Pedants cannot allow 4 Days that contradict 1Day 1God.
Religious/Academic Pedants cannot allow 4 Days that contradict 1Day 1God.
Religious/Academic word taught singularity is contradicted as evil lies by the simple math of the Cube's Opposite Corners - the most perfect symmetry within the Universe.
Religious/academic taught singularity is queer as 1 sex.
Religious/academic taught singularity is the reduction of the human mind to android.
Remember "U.S.S.
Remember Genesis 1:5 Lie -there was not a Day rotation.
Resign now Obama, avoid the carnage you encourage.
Resign now before you incite hell on Earth for both Dark and Light races.
Result of belief is dying stupid - you can know.
Revelations 6:1-8; 4 racist Horsemen of colour, each given 1/4 or quarter of the Earth to rule (Time Cube Value), with each quarter rotating to its own 24 hour day - all 4 quarters rotating 4 corner Days in a common 24 hour rotating invisible, but imaginary Cubed Earth.
Revelations 7.1 recognizes 4 Earth Corners.
Revelations for Omnific and Infinite Time Cube Creation, that equates ineffable Truth and the "lost principle" of life.
Rotate 4-corner scribes to create 4 squared circles.
Rotate Earth 1/4 turn.
Rotating 4-corners prove 1-human is only 1-corner of a Higher Order Life.
SUN power will not allow any Black Skin power to rule over its Light Domain.
Same with educated.
Santa & God debase women as if non-existing opposites.
Santa Claus and Christmas must be indicted deceits that destroys child mind.
Santa vital to Christmas - No Santa - no Christmas.
Scholars plunder America's Nature.
Scholars ravage Earth's resources.
School is Church is School.
Schools are actually churches.
Schools are evil institutions - staffed by religious cowards who fear Time Cube debate.
Schools teach religious evil.
Scientists and gods created evil 1 corner Day.
Scientists are evil cowards and should be castrated for obscurantism of the 4 simultaneous days within a single rotation of Earth.
Scientists are stupid asses, and ignore the Time Cube.
Scientists know Time Cube, but any scientist supporting the 4 simultaneous days in a single rotation of Earth, will be fired and banned for life from academic institutions.
See MIT Time Cube Video.
See for yourself the absolute proof.
Seek Awesome Lectures, We have a Major Problem, Creation is Cubic Opposites, 2 Major Corners & 2 Minor.
Seek Wisdom of Cubic Life Intelligence - or you die evil.
Seek in haste to attend a lecture by Dr.
Self is below the family form of 4-corner metamorphosis.
Self is cubeless.
Self is lowest humanity form.
Self is the lowest form of humanity.
Self singularity is cursed form of humanity.
Self-god is 1 cornerism adult scam upon child.
Self-god is lowest human behavior.
Sex okay for atheist, but not God Oneists.
Shackles & whips are obsolete.
Signature.
Simple Cube Divinity is the most perfect and life supporting form existing in the universe and on Earth - including Earth itself.
Simple Logic is above them.
Since I have informed you of Nature's Harmonic Time Cube 4-Day Creation Principle, your stupidity is no longer the issue.
Sincerely, A Devout Student of Time Cube Time Cube has the answer for nuclear waste problem.
Singularity "education" inflicts a dog brain upon Students - ability to be taught servitude - but an inability to ever think opposite of brainwashing and indoctrination - very unlikely to ever recover to acknowledge Nature's Harmonic Simultaneous Rotating 4 Corner 24 Hr.
Singularity God impossible.
Singularity God is evil belief.
Singularity brotherhood owns your brain, destroying your ability to think Cubicism.
Singularity can't procreate, a feat requiring opposites.
Singularity debunked by Time Cube.
Singularity educated humans are not intelligent.
Singularity education begets evil, for you were born as an opposite, between opposite sexes & the opposite Earth poles.
Singularity educators are evil bastards justified to be killed.
Singularity educators are evil bastards unfit to live on Earth, for they create evil students - totally ignorant of Time Cube.
Singularity educators are unfit to even live.
Singularity equates sex with the baby.
Singularity god is EVIL as Creation reigns as Opposite.
Singularity god is EVIL as Creation reigns as Opposites.
Singularity has no God within "The Universe of Opposite Corner Life" - opposite hemispheres and opposite sexes - by which all Earth life exist.
Singularity is damnable lie, Educators altered your mind, You cannot think opposite of what you were taught to think.
Singularity is death worship and damnation of humanity.
Singularity is death worship.
Singularity is the death math of religious/academic Godism.
So they applied the 1 day and ignored the other 3 days.
Socrates has a mid-day.
Socrates has a mid-night.
Socrates has a sun-down.
Socrates has a sun-up.
Socrates was killed to hide Truth from public.
Solar system, Earth sphere and human body all have a front, back and 2 sides which rotate between the 2 top and bottom poles - ceiling and floor parameters.
Stay tuned for coming video of the lecture and debate.
Stop evil Ad Hominemism.
Students MUST DEMAND free speech - for the greatest of all human discoveries: Nature's Harmonic Simultaneous 4 Day Rotating Creation Principle of Cubicism.
Students are brainwashed and do not know it.
Students are dumb and stupid for ignorance of Time Cube.
Students are really stupid, without Cubic life wisdom, and yellow belly cowards.
Students are taught stupidity - denying free speech rights to debate the Truth Cube.
Students are taught to be stupid and don't care.
Students denied the right to debate Time Cube.
Students have no Truth to think with, they accept any crap they are told to think.
Students ignore Time Cube, attack messenger.
Students must force Time Cube debates & Make sure every teacher sees this web site.
Students must free their brain and organize as a power force to stop the plunder of Nature byword corrupted professors.
Students must stop such evil, or perish.
Students must stop such evil.
Students should demand that the Time Cube principle be taught, for humans are unworthy of life on Earth without its power of ineffable Truth.
Students suspended for viewing Time Cube.
Students taught stupidity - denying free speech rights to debate the Truth Cube.
Stupid Educators know of the Truth I speak and know that it will indict them as the most evil bastards on the Earth.
Stupid and evil people call me crazy.
Stupid educators always beget stupid graduates.
Stupid educators cowardly refuse $5,000.00 public forum Time Cube debate.
Stupid educators ignore this, and teach students stupidity.
Stupid professors threaten Nature and civilization with word lies.
Stupid professors threaten civilization with word lies.
Stupid students believe any crap they're taught.
Stupid students unable to evaluate Time Cube.
Such damn evil AMERICANS should have their tongue cut out for the heinous hoax they are perpetrating upon their own children.
Such ignorance is damnable.
Such reduced Brain intelligence begets the student a tag of SnotBrain android - encapable of comprehending absolute proof of 4 Days rotating simultaneously within a single rotation of Earth.
Sum-up the axis tilt of those 4 simultaneous years and divide by 4 to discover a perfectly vertical Earth axis which represents the perfection of death.
Sundown is an Asian race Day.
Supports Lie Of Integration.
Talking dog could enslave humanity.
Taught One equates Death.
Taught and preached cubeless SINGULARITY equates to an evil education within the realm of Nature's Harmonic Cubic Life.
Teach 3 equators for a 4 quadrant hemisphere which rotates to a 4/16 principle life creativity as in Family Life Cube.
Teach Time Cube, You Fools.
Teach god singularity & you teach evil to Cubic humanity.
Teachers & believers are one.
Teachers are hired evil word pedants who enslave childish minds to a lifetime stupidity.
Teachers deserve a hanging.
Teachers enslave you stupid.
Teachers ignore Time Cube.
Teachers of evil ONEness, should be hanged, for all life creation is composed of opposites - pulsation for Life and alternation for motion.
Teaching singularity equals death by Word.
Teaching that Earth has only 1 day in 1 rotation, is adult poison forced on their children, as in the Jonestown mass murder.
Teaching that Earth is an Entity equates to a Doomsday induced by Educaters upon Humanity.
Teaching that a Cube has "6 sides" with no top & bottom, induces an evil curse that pervades all academic institutions.
Test free speech right to debate Time Cube.
That includes Bibles and Academic Scientific Books.
That is criminal academia.
The "only subject" on Earth banned from debate by evil and stupid educators is that of Nature's Harmonic Time Cube ineffable Truth.
The 12 hour or 1/2 Day clock is an intended EVIL against humanity - indicting every human on Earth as Dumb, Educated Stupid and Evil - for imaginary Cubed Earth has 4 Days within simultaneous rotation.
The 2 opposite sexes equate to 2 separate Cubes, as if dice of femininity and masculinity - equating Human Life to a Crap-Shoot chance of exciting lifetime possibilities.
The 4 corner quadrant Earth has 4-24 hour simultaneous Days within a single rotation of Earth - as if 4 different Worlds with 4 separate Days.
The 4 corner quadrant Earth has 4-24 hour simultaneous Days within a single rotation of Earth, as if 4 different Worlds with 4 separate Days and 4 separate races with 4 stages each.
The 4 days is above your godism and you don't even want to know.
The 4 quadrant corners of the Earth sphere rotate as a quad spiraling helix - thus creating 4 simultaneous days per each rotation and 4 simultaneous years per 1 orbit around Sun.
The 4-equidistant Time points can be considered as Time Square imprinted upon the circle of Earth.
The Baby by creation of Mom and Dad - and the Mother by evolution.
The Circle you see around Earth divides Earth into Opposite values equal to a zero existence.
The Gene Ray Time Cube interview will air on June 18, on TechTV "Unscrewed".
The God words you know, will not allow you to know TIME CUBE's Highest Life Order.
The Greatest Thinker Adults are EVIL to children.
The Greatest Thinker Earth has 4 simultaneous Days within only 1 rotation.
The ONEist educated with their flawed 1 eye perspective (opposite eyes overlay) Cyclops mentality, inflicts static non pulsating logos as a fictitious queer same sex transformation.
The ONLY Official Site For Gene Ray/TimeCube.
The ONLY Official Site for Gene Ray/TimeCube.
The Religious/Academic Oneness Brotherhood destroys the Brain's ability to think opposite of singularity trash taught.
The Solar system, the Universe, the Earth and all humans are composed of + 0 - antipodes, and equal to nothing if added as a ONE or Entity.
The Sun has ruled over the Light on Earth for eons and might just fight back with another "Big Bang Catastrope"if Dark rules over the light from the highest office on Earth.
The Time Cube is not a theory, but is a Cubic Creation Principle by which flora, fauna and even humanity exists right before your eyes.
The Universe is composed of Opposites - existing only as Opposites - with a zero value existence - cancelling to nothing as a singularity.
The Value of One and God Entity are inferior to "Value of Unified Life Opposites, merging of Our Mom and Dads".
The Word EARTH indicates One, Entity or Singularity, but Earth is not an Entity, for the Half of Earth seen from Space cannot exist without the Opposite Half NOT SEEN - existing only as opposites with a plus & minus zero existence.
The World is now on the verge of such a threat, and the World condition is highly volatile.
The academia created 1 day greenwich time is bastardly queer and dooms future youth and nature to a hell.
The academic brainwashed mind is corrupt and can't comprehend Cubic magnificence.
The academic taught singularity/entity is but poison fed the human populace - slow death.
The bastards refuse to challenge this site, repressing Time Cube free speech rights.
The bible time was wrong then and it proved wrong today.
The common stupidity and evil of humanity, is their "ignorance" of Nature's Time Cube.
The damn bastards suppress free speech, by denying Time Cube debate discussion.
The dumb, stupid and evil bastards have ignored their obligation to their humanity fellowship to research Time Cube, and deserve to be spit upon publicly.
The educated stupid should acknowledge the natural antipodes of+1 x +1 = +1and -1 x -1 = -1 exist as plus and minus values of opposite creation - depicted by opposite sexes and opposite hemispheres.
The enemy is back home, not in foreign lands.
The entity you seek is death.
The eyes of the flounder fish were relocated, why were yours relocated?
The half of Earth seen from space, cannot exist without the opposite half not seen.
The hollow Time Cube in which the 4 quadrant corners of Earth rotate, equates to your 4 corner bedroom, or to a 4 corner classroom which represents the 4 corners of Earth - in which stupid and evil pedants teach dumb students 1 corner knowledge.
The invention of fictitious WORD inflicts humans as Word Animals - the dumbest and most Educated stupid and Evil animal to inhabit Earth and the Universe.
The male god singularity and same sex trinity equates denouncing motherhood and supporting a state of queers - with a price of HIV devastating life on Earth.
The masculinity Sun and femininity Earth - form a Binary of Harmonic Opposites at Center of Universe - Greater than either Sun or the Earth, debunking all fictitious Oneism Gods taught by religious/academic Word Animals.
The media scams the public because the public is stupid via academic brainwashing.
The oscillation or imperfection of that straight line, represents the imperfection of all created life on Earth - depicted in Nature's Harmonic Time Cube.
The packed house of 500 could not have been better and they treated me as though I was Einstein.
The public must attack the evil media or perish by lies.
The rib was stuck on Adam to make a man of him - and Eve is still trying to get her rib back.
The sixteen(16) space times demonstrates cube proof of 4 full days simultaneously on earth within one (1) rotation.
The spinning of Earth while creating the 4 simultaneous years causes the Earth to travel 4 Times the distance of a non - rotating planet circling the Sun.
The straight line on the heart monitor equates to the perfection of death.
The universe and all within it is composed of opposites.
The universe does not exist, except as opposites - with a zero value existence.
The white race has done more to support the Black Race around the World than even the Black Race itself.
The white race is actually stupid to give welfare and integrate with the Black Race, who in time will slaughter them.
The whole of the Universe is composed of Opposites - with a zero value existence - that camcels to nothing as One or a God.
Theoretical physic's Superstring Theory of the 4 fundamental forces exists within Time Cube.
There are 4 Worlds for 4 races, but only 1 World is racial slop.
There are 4 different Worlds on Earth.
There are 4 simultaneous 24 hour days within a single rotation of the Earth.
There are 4 simultaneous days (dumb fools claim infinite days) created within a single rotation of Earth.
There are some whites who cannot accept this, especially during the drastic hardtimes ahead, and will initiate a spark of violence that will spread over the Earth like a wildfire.
There is "absolute proof" that You are personified pyramid.
There is No God, only Godism - an organized profiteering crime, collecting $billions from tithes.
There is absolute proof that Earth is not an entity as Earth is composed of 2 opposite hemispheres (as in plus and minus), that would cancel each out if unified as an entity.
There is no 1 - corner god in 4-corner lifetime stages of human evolution metamorphosis.
There is no 1 in 4-corner metamorphosis.
There is no Cubic teacher.
There is no God in 2 x 4x4 femininity and masculinity 2 sex Cube hemispheres, as life is a 2-Cube crap-game.
There is no Human or God who can match my Cube Wisdom as a Cube Phenomenoligist - The Cube God Measurer.
There is no damn word god.
There is no entity on Earth, for all of creation is Cubic - with a top and bottom with front and back and 2 sides.
There is no human entity, as there are but human Cubics, via 4-corner metamorphosis.
There is no human entity, just human Cubics - as in 4 different people in a 4 corner stage metamorphic rotation - never more than 1 corner at same time.
There is no teacher on Earth qualified to teach Nature's Harmonic Simultaneous 4 - Day Rotating Time Cube Creation Principle, and therefore, there is no teacher on Earth worthy of being called a certified teacher.
There is nothing godly about stupid and evil adults who betray their own children who gave them Life.
There is nothing so dumb, stupid and evil as a cubeless educator, except for their evil dumb stupid ass students.
There is proof that 3 dimensional math is erroneous, and that linear Time is actually of a Cubic nature.
There is proof that all humans exist between the 2 opposites of femininity and masculinity, and would cancel each other out if unified as academic or religious "singularity" - equating to stupidity and suicide for humanity.
There's no human entity, only corner Cubics, rotating life's 4 corner stage metamorphosis.
These 4 absolute simultaneous days PROVES the 1 day god, 1day academia, 1 day religion and the 1 day media to be erroneous, fictitious and evil lies.
They are actually brainwashed stupid and decline any public debate for fear of public embarrassment.
They are paid to teach a propaganda book - not Cube Truth - for which they would be fired.
They can't allow the Time Cube Principle to continue.
They can't argue it, their power is to ignore - and that's why students must demand debate.
They can't disprove it, so they hide like yellow-belly bastards they are.
They do not deny the charge of being evil word bastards.
They don't want to know Nature's Cubic Order of Creation.
They know that it is Truth and would expose them evil.
They know that it's Truth and would expose them evil.
They live only for today, the evil singularity word bastards.
They're just educated stupid.
Think Cubic Creation or Life on Earth will perish from it.
Think ONE, Think Death - NO Heart beat, NO breath, No Frontside, No Backside.
Think Opposite, Think Life.
Think of Nature's Harmonic 4x4 rotation Time Cube as a 4-corner rationalism classroom, in which the stupid revelationist educators brainwash and indoctrinate stupid irrational students with only 1-corner empirical self destructive fictitious knowledge singularity.
Think of the Time Cube as a 4-corner class - room representing the 4-corners of Earth, wherein, stupid educators teach erroneous 1-corner self aggrandizing singularity - that equates a deadly poison to Cubic humanity.
This a major lie has so much evil feed from it's wrong.
This act demonstrates that both Sun and Earth rotate around each other simultaneously - thus creating Opposites existing only as Opposites with a zero value existence between the binary and cancelling to nothing as One or God theism.
This amounts to a spiraling quad helix of Earth as it revolves around the Sun - rotating as it revolves around the Sun, to induce the value of the Sun revolving about the Earth.
This is most likely the test Biden mentioned.
This page you see - cannot exist without its anti-side existence, as +0 - antipodes.
This simple ignored math indicts you evil.
This site is a collection of data for a coming book - peruse it.
This site may be hazardous to your stupidity.
Those 4 different corners equate to 4 different Worlds, with each having its own separate day, own separate year and a separate human race.
Though you only see the Earth tilt, mentally, you should recognize that Earth has a perfectly vertical axis over all.
Time Cube = "godless Truth".
Time Cube = Highest Order.
Time Cube Debate at MIT.
Time Cube Disproves Gods.
Time Cube ads not allowed.
Time Cube corners word god.
Time Cube damns academia by rotating 4-corners of life.
Time Cube debate denial is educator evil.
Time Cube debate will expose academic scams, so academia must "ignore" debate at all costs.
Time Cube debunks god lies.
Time Cube discovery makes me wiser than human/gods.
Time Cube disproves God.
Time Cube empowers wisdom above all gods and educators.
Time Cube exposes evil.
Time Cube has the answer for nuclear waste problem.
Time Cube ignorance is evil.
Time Cube impose 4 corners on Earth sphere.
Time Cube is "T.O.E.", theory of everything.
Time Cube is Omnific Order.
Time Cube is T.O.E.
Time Cube is TOE theory.
Time Cube is Truth creation.
Time Cube is a test for Truth.
Time Cube is above academic comprehension.
Time Cube is highest order of life, a "Cubic Creation".
Time Cube is the T.O.E.
Time Cube lecture at MIT on January 30, 2002, from 3 pm to 5 pm in Lecture Hall 10-250.
Time Cube proves a 1 face god impossible, due to 4 corner face metamorphic human - baby, child, parent and grandparent faces.
Time Cube simultaneous 4 day Creation.
Time Cube's ineffable Truth.
Time is CUBIC, not linear as stupid and evil educators teach children.
Time is CUBIC, not linear as stupid educators teach.
Time is Cubic.
Time, Life and Truth = a Cubic Principle, a natural creation of ineffable opposites.
TimeCube debunks evil bible.
TimeCube proves god is evil.
Tis Time to ban any educator who does not teach Cubicism above cubelessness.
Tis Time to kill any educator who does not teach Cubicism above cubelessness.
To be awarded at lecture.
To do less, is a crime against children.
To ignore it, indicts you evil.
To ignore the 4 days, is evil.
To save humanity from extinction, like prior civilizations perished, youth must redirect selfteachers, or destroy them.
To save humanity from extinction, like prior civilizations perished, youth must redirect selfteachers, or shackle them.
To the educated stupid ONEist anti-intelligent, if you will come to my lecture on a Spiraling 4 Corner 4 Day Harmonic Time Cube Quad Helix Principle Created Earth,& Life on it, I will prove you criminally worship a Queer deified as fake God.
To worship a religious/academic defied Queer (God)as your progenitor, equates to spitting puke in your Mom and Dad's face - a real beastly act.
Today, you have the opportunity to make tomorrow better than yesterday.
Transfer interrupted!
Trinity of males degrade female opposites.
Truth Cube debunks 1 corner word god in a Cubic creation.
Truth about Santa Claus debunks Santa God.
Truth cannot be uttered so that's why I am writing it.
Truth in Word is Cubic math.
Truth is 100%, belief is 50%.
Truth is Cubic.
Truth is physical, word a lie.
Truth of Cube is ineffable.
Truth squares Life Circle and Cubes Earth sphere.
Try My Belly-Button Logic.
Try to discuss & debate Nature's Time Cube and your evil teachers will not allow you.
Try words to stop tornado.
USA on a path to cannibalism.
USA ripe for holocaust.
USA was a redskin nation and is now a whiteskin nation.
Unfortunately, human values have declined to fictitious word values.
Universe is composed of opposite hemispheres and opposite sexes - equating to + / -, a zero existence, depicted by Pyramid's bare coffer.
Universities equate doomed Towers of Babble.
University of Michigan is a racist and anti-white institution - offering 20 points for registration, if you are not white.
Unknowingly, you are living in a "Word World", as in a fictitious life in a counterfeit nation - which you could consider Matrix induced "Dream World".
Unless isolated and eradicated by your knowledge of Nature's Harmonic Time Cube, the deadly Word virus will inflict total self-destruction upon all humanity.Your ignorance of Time Cube is evil.
Unseen, humans have not the education or rationale to comprehend Nature's Simultaneous 4-Day Cube.
Until Word is Cornered, all Math is Fiction.
Until cornered, word is fictitious.
Until word is cornered, educators are liars.
Until you can tear and burn the bible to escape the EVIL ONE, it will be impossible for your educated stupid brain to know that 4 different corner harmonic 24 hour Days rotate simultaneously within a single 4 quadrant rotation of a squared equator and cubed Earth.
Via Cubic Wisdom, I am the wisest human.
Video no longer on MIT site.
Vilify teachers - for Queers swindle Tithe from 1 Day Retarded Till You KNOW 4 Simultaneous Days Rotate In Same 24 Hours Of Earth You Don't Deserve To Live On Earth Americans are actually RETARDED from Religious Academia taught ONEism -upon an Earth of opposite poles, covered by Mama Hole and Papa Pole pulsating opposite sexes.
Village equates highest order.
Village is Cubic.
Village is the perpetual body.
WARNING TO EDUCATED STUPID, Black Skin equates imprisonment, white race had nothing to do making negros black.
WARNING: Education corrupts your rationale to know.
WISDOM is the ability to Measure God analytically.
WORD is Trojan Horse evil.
WORD students serve Nature best if dead.
Warning To Word Worshipers.
Warning to Obama, I believe that your black/white equality posture will lead your people to a racial war - destroying both races and America.
Watch for Giant Erasor as there is a great danger of the human Word Animal being self-erased.
We (Mom, Dad & Me), Gene Ray Possess Harmonic Cubic Wisdom that transcends and contradicts the Bibical 1st Day - Genesis 1.5 - when the greatest math & scientific scam of all human existence was deified.
We have a Major Problem, Creation is Cubic Opposites, 2 Major Corners & 2 Minor.
We have a Major Problem, humans worship a QUEER ONEness rather than their flesh and blood MOTHER and FATHER OPPOSITES.
What anti-white force is behind this evil?
What is more racist than NAACP?
What is racist and unracist?
What queer mentality you have - to worship an old dead Jew as God/Creator.
When Baby exits, a mother is born.
When Do Teenagers Die?
When adults go to heaven, children still living on Earth will burn in the hell that adults created for them.
When the Sun shines upon Earth, 2 - major Time points are created on opposite sides of Earth - known as Midday and Midnight.
Where are Indian newscasters?
Where the 2 major Time forces join, synergy creates 2 new minor Time points we recognize as Sunup and Sundown.
While the Circle of Earth rotation is a perpetual enbodiment as it is void of the Corner Time notches that accumulate as aging Life for the 4 corner residents.
White Americans deserve to be hacked to death by the Black Race - for they are dumb, educated ONEness stupid and worship EVIL ONEness WHICH EQUATES DEATH of OPPOSITES.
White people are not obligated to nurture the black race - when actually dark and light should exist on opposite corners of Earth as depicted by midday and midnight.
White welfare for Black Race fuels inherent slaughter.
Who edits the Time Cube on Wikipedia?
Why credit Santa LIE with gifts that parents buy their children?
Why do you worship a queer 1 day God?
Why do you worship such a stupid God?
Why not integrate NAACP?
Why worship a dumb 1 day god when I demonstrate 4 simultaneous 24 hour days within a single 24 hour rotation of Earth?
Wikipedia allowing the educated stupid to evaluate the 4 simultaneous 24 hr.
Wikipedia claim that the Time Cube is non-science constitutes a Grave error by the half-brain bastard who can't think opposite of the lies he was taught.
Will "free speech" be allowed, or will obscurantism prevail in academic & religious word by suppressing Time Cube?
Will "free speech" be allowed?
Will I get reply or will the Wisest Human just be ignored until silenced by death?
Will US become black nation?
Wisdom is Cubic testing of knowledge.
Wisdom is a Cubic measure of Knowledge.
Wisdom=Cubic testing of knowledge.
Wise people call me a genius.
Without Financial Support, I May Shut Down.
Without Time Cube, your life right is voided.
Without bible, where is god?
Without deed, word starves.
Without metamorphosis - no adults.
Without profit, there is no god.
Without word what are you?
Word adultism is anti-child.
Word and god are unnatural, counterfeit, fictitious and do not exist in Nature's realm.
Word animals will feel the wrath of Cubic curse.
Word brings a Babel curse.
Word educator is "your god".
Word enslaves human mind more efficiently than shackle.
Word enslaves mind.
Word enslaves the children.
Word equates instituted evil.
Word evil is fiction worship.
Word god lends not a hand.
Word has no inherent value, as it was invented as a counterfeit and fictitious value to represent natural values in commerce.
Word is a Trojan Horse.
Word is counterfeit & fiction.
Word is counterfeit & fictitious representations of true values, as in form, substance and deed.
Word is counterfeit and evil.
Word is evil empowerment, separating man from nature.
Word is fraught with evil, as in a virus among languages.
Word is most efficient form of enslavement.
Word is not Real nor Truth, but deadly virus of humanity, transmitted through language.
Word is the most effective tool of enslavement.
Word is unnatural and must be taught to enslave dummies.
Word justifies all human evil.
Word teachers are the most evil humans.
Word worship educators beget stupid students.
Word worship equates to evil.
Word worship is evil scam.
Words are counterfeit values and languages mere fiction - destroying every civilization.
Worship of Word is Evil, for it "counterfeits" Deed and teaches Liar is God.
Worshipping a Word God will destroy the USA.
YOU CAN"T KILL ME, FOR I AM 82 + CANCER.
YOU KNOW WHAT!!!
YOU are a Cubic Creature, Opposites create Opposites.
YOU are the lowest form.
YOU are your own poison.
YOU can't handle Cubic Time, Cubic Life or Cubic Truth - for insideof Time Cube equates the most magnificient symmetry of opposites existing within the universe - for every corner has an equal opposite corner, every 2 corners has an equal opposite 2 corners, every tri-corner has an equal opposite tri-corner and every 4 corners has an equal opposite 4 corners.
YOU can't procreate alone.
YOU create your own hell.
YOU destroyed childhood.
YOU destroyed naturalism.
YOU destroyed the family.
YOU destroyed the village.
YOU don't know the Truth.
YOU must seek Time Cube.
YOU pitiful mindless fools, YOU are educated stupid.
YOU were educated EVIL, & too damn dumb to know about Time Cube Creation.
YOU were educated EVIL, & too dumb to know about Time Cube Creation.
YOU worship cubeless word.
You SnotBrains will know hell for ignoring TimeCube.
You Word-Murder Your Children.
You are 1/4 of the person you were taught to think you are.
You are Enslaved by Word - no whip or shackle required.
You are a Cubic Thinker, or SnotBrain.
You are a personified pyramid corner.
You are a slave - to academic induced inculcated belief - an insidious entity, an evil which corrupts human mental ability to accept creation knowledge, as demonstrated in Cubicism.
You are an educated singularity idiot who can stupidly deny Nature's Harmonic 4 simultaneous 24 hour days within a single rotation of Earth, or even make parody of the Cubic Creation Principle - but your mental ability to comprehend thegreatest social and scientific discovery of all human existence has been lobotomized by the evil academic singularity bastards hired to destroy your ability to think opposite.
You are an educated stupid ass.
You are but mindless asses.
You are but mindless dumb asses.
You are educated ENTITY STUPID for all Creation is composed of Opposites - which equate to Zero value existence - and cancels out to nothing if unified as one.
You are educated Stupid, You are educated Evil - You will ignore message & attack the messenger.
You are educated as a stupid android slave to the evil Word Animal Singularity Brotherhood.
You are educated evil, and might have to kill the evil ONE teaching educators before you can learn that 4 corner days actually exist -but all Cube Truth denied.
You are educated retarded, too stupid for Time Cube.
You are educated singularities.
You are educated singularity stupid and evil, unfit for life in the Universe of Opposites.
You are educated stupid and can't compute a Time Cube.
You are educated stupid and unable to know Nature's 4-Day Time Cube Creation.
You are educated stupid andz can't compute a Time Cube.
You are educated stupid as teachers lack intelligence.
You are educated stupid, indoctrinated evil, and can't even acknowledge that a mother and baby are the same age - on opposite corners of a Cubic Creation Principle - for Truth in Opposites contradict a god entity.
You are educated stupid.
You are enslaved by word, as if domesticated animal.
You are evil to believe in the singularity concept of a God, for the whole Universe and everthing within is composed of Opposites - which exists only as Opposites with a zero value existence - and nothing as an entity.
You are evil word worshiper.
You are giving hope to your people that is impossible for them to achieve and maintain.
You are not allowed to know truth - that in one rotation of Earth, there are: 24 hours in midnight to midnight.
You are probably brainwashed, indoctrinated, educated stupid and cannot comprehend Nature's Harmonic Simultaneous 4-Day Perpetual Time Cube Creation.
You are taught Evil, You act Evil, You are the Evil on Earth.
You are taught singularity.
You are unworthy of Earth life and deserve banishment to a barren planet - more fit for your antiNature life style.
You build the hell "they" teach.
You cannot comprehend Opposite Creation.
You cannot comprehend the actual 4 simultaneous days in single rotation of Earth, as 1 day 1 God ONEism blocks the ability to think opposite of the ONEism crap taught.
You do not have the "guts" to seek Time Cube "Truth".
You do not have the freedom to discuss/debate Time Cube.
You do not have the mind or education to envision Nature's Time Cube.
You educated stupid bastards are unworthy of Earth.
You educated stupid word animals can't fathom this greatest social and scientific math of creation.
You erroneously measure time from 1 corner.
You evolved from an egg laid in water, fertilized by a sperm fish swimming upstream - just as salmon swim up birth canal.
You evolved from an egg laid in water, fertilized by a sperm fish swimming upstream - just as salmon swim up stream to fertilize female egg laid in the water.
You have a 4-corner head - with only a 1-corner face.
You have a cyclop perspective and taught android mentality = lobotomized analytical ability.
You have a god like brain - parallel opposite & analytical, wasted if you believe in ONE.
You have been educated in singularity evil.
You have been educated singularity stupid.
You have not the mentality to comprehend the simple math of Cubic antipode creation, for at about age 6, your parents gave your 2 opposite antipode brains to Big Brother academic hirelings, to clone thought to serve evil singularity brotherhood - destroying Cubic families, villages and tribes.
You have opposite brains to think opposite, but Big Brother icepick academic lobotomy has destroyed your mentality to think opposite of the evil singularity you are taught.
You have to be evil to ignore this math.
You learned both well.
You may be too damn evil to accept it.
You might say that they support evil against youth.
You must attack the word bastards who preach and teach evil godism and racism singularity lies, for any singularity brotherhood is mental slavery that desecrates family, village and tribal opposites.
You must establish a Chair of Wisdom to empower Wise Men over the stupid intelligentsia, or perish.
You only know what you know from your mental brainwashing and word indoctrination since your birth.
You should know that harmonic symmetry demands a second great circle meridian to create sunup and sundown corner quadrants?
You think self, you are evil.
You think trained dog Oneism.
You were born and exist as opposites - therefore your ONEness posture indicts you as living Dead.
You were educated "stupid" by evil religious teachers, and can't know Time Cube.
You were educated stupid about 4-season Life Cube.
You were educated stupid and evil by evil educators.
You were educated to live an evil lie - and your heirs will suffer hell for your stupidity.
You were taught stupidity.
You will recognize 4 corner Days or incur Easter Island Ending.
You worship "Evil Singularity", equating you to a "singularity bastard".
You worship Satanic impostor guised by educators as 1 god.
You worship an evil god who allows babies to starve to death while you gorge?
You would be wiser if unschooled then be taught ONEness stupidity to worship Evil of ONEism, contradicted by Opposite Creation.
You're 1-corner educated and cannot comprehend 4/16 corner rotating Life.
You're Educated ONE Nitwits, I possess Math & Science Proof.
You're Educated Stupid.
You're a TimeCube traveler, but you are educated stupid.
You're ignorant of 3 of them.
You're taught to be stupid.
You're too stupid to know opposite creation.
You've been educated stupid and are too dumb to know it, or maybe just too evil to care.
You've been educated stupid by "Big Brother" singularity.
You've ignored the Time Cube and you shall suffer its curse, as did all the past civilizations.
Your 1Day God Makes You Evil.
Your Character is cornered, 4-corner head, 1-corner face, 4-corner life metamorphosis.
Your God claimed to have created a single day rotation of Earth.
Your God is invited to attend and a chair will be prepared.
Your Professors are Liars, and fear Time Cube Truth.
Your Professors are stupid evil Liars, and fear the Time Cube Truth.
Your analytical mind is lobotomized and you cannot think opposite of lies you are taught to think.
Your ancestory limit is 16.
Your body is mom & dad until your death, not 1.
Your body is of their Creation, honor "We".
Your dirty lying teachers use only the midnight to midnight 1 day (ignoring 3 other days) Time to not foul (already wrong) bible time.
Your evil cyclopic educators of ONEness, will not allow you to know supernatural 4 Day Time Cube Principle.
Your father was a fish.
Your future is your plundered past.
Your god may be a fish.
Your ignorance of Harmonic Cube is demonic.
Your midday is someone else's midnight, someone else's sundown and even someone else's sunup.
Your opposite eyes were moved to 1 corner to overlay for single perspective, but that corrupts your Opposite Brain.
Your own people will kill you to prevent this "Forbidden Truth Cube" from ever being known.
Yours is 1 of them.
